label_bullying	text_message
0	 Do you believe that God has a gender?
0	 Favourite movie of all time?
0	  eyes :p
0	  none
0	  probably
0	  FOldeD.
0	  iLyke dat
0	  randomly yes :)
0	  yes i have a best friend lol =]
0	  a sunrise in hot pink orange yellows and blues with a black tree across the skyline and hints of purple. its pretty sweet but it changes weekly usually :)
0	  LOVE ?
0	 If you had one day to live  what would you spend that day doing?
0	  yes :)
0	  Nope. I know a little thai and some spanish. haha go figure.Im seriously the whitest korean chick you'd ever meet :]
0	  Idk I think it swings both ways pretty strongly. The human race is never satisfied and I believe that both sexes have the tendencey to cheat. At all ages and for all reasons.
0	  Timmy. He held me down and tickled me
0	 im not the one who called you a whore either haha. i play soccer and run track and did dance for eight years and did gymnastics
0	 What would a chair look like if your knees bent the other way?
0	  formspringg haha noo..my boyfriend. Were always out staying busy.
0	 Would you rather be rich or famous?
0	  crude?
0	  Haha youu need a phone !(:
0	 you should ask her if shes still &quot;feelin it&quot; so you know for sure
0	 r Has anybody ever told you that &quot;you could do so much better&quot; about a person?
0	  Love them> i love cheese.
0	  I am Ashlee duh
0	 I don&;t know Tabitha in person): but Idc  I know deep down in my heart I&;ll love her for her <3
0	  haha hey
0	 How often do you think about touching other people&;s private parts?(Be Honest)
0	  Spontaneousness. As much as I love to get all dressed up and go out to a big super nice expensive restuarant  I'd much rather just be in comfy clothes  go out to grab some chipotle--eating outside of course :] then maybe to the drive in with a buncha snackies and a jug of tea :] lay together with my lovee under the stars and enjoy each other.
0	  hahahahahahaah thanks spency :DDDDD <3 you
0	  Ehh maybe.
0	  who are u?
0	 Have you ever slept with an object in your hand &amp; woken up &amp; its still there? Happened to me :))
0	 uhh i thought this was for questions sooooo heres a question i guess.haha icecream or brownies for the rest of your life? (only 1)
0	 Do you love Twilight as much as this? I bet this will be your new homepage. http://MyTwilightSearch.com
0	  Hmmm idk if i completely understand the question..
0	  For suree boo hit me up tonight ! Sikeee!<3
0	  hmmm probably buy a few things for me and one of my besties :D
0	 Do you like broccoli?
0	 What sitcom character reminds you of you?
0	  I like them. How'd you know?
0	 yup yup. same grade as you too.
0	 who is the love of your life?
0	 B3(kyy
0	  i wouldnt doubt it lol
1	 Do you lick dick?
0	  cuz they can be deep sleepers haha
0	  Food. :) hahaha
0	  dane cook
0	 Are one handed people offended when police tell them to put their hands up?
0	 Do you have any nicknames? If so what are they?
0	 would you rather have a third leg or a third arm?
0	 who d you like
0	 Name one household chore you would never want to do again
1	 On a 1 to 10 how mad would you be at me if I were to rape you?
0	  because your supposed to look up and be aware something is going to potentially hit you in the head..therefore i do look up just quickly and aware!! you should do the same. think about it! :)
0	  everyone would learn true kindness.
0	  a dino
0	 What is the first thing you do when you wake up in the morning?
0	  i dont do chocolate much
0	 What&;s your favorite place to go in the town you live?
0	  hot but sometimes i like cold. depends on the mood i guess
0	 Are you due sometime this year for a doctor&;s visit?
0	  tell them. haha
0	 Yuh d0n+ l!k3 m3?
0	  Nope not yet :)
0	 still a student??
0	  yes. i do walks all the time
1	 dudde ima fuuck you til you bleed:)
0	  comedy
0	  Apple store!(; Need a MAC pro!
0	 whats your favourite number?
0	 i love youu chica!<33
0	  mhm ohkay so watz up
0	 Vv ouch </3 to me  hey I&;m going to sleep.  Please ignore my texts. And tonight don&;t call. Talk to you tomorrow...I guess
0	 WHY YEW GOT SUSPENDED
1	 haha keep saying shit ill kill you
0	 Are you a friendly person?
0	 Do you believe in luck?
0	  Ummm..Im not  a quitter.
0	 do you no about the muffen man??r
0	 What are your symptoms when you have fallen for someone?
0	 besides english what other languages can you speak?
0	 i miss you so much i just hate how i made you not like me but its my own fault im sorry i just had to say that
0	  when did you ever hear that? haha.i dont even talk to matt.
0	  Korean american i guess. But im the whitest asian chick youd ever talk to :) ha
0	 Alexis Sister<3(:
0	 Have you kissed more than ten people this year?
0	  yes.
0	 What do you think about mothers who smoke pot while they are pregnant?
0	  I dont hold them enough i think..
0	  does it matter
0	  nope. i love tomatoes!
0	 How come there&;s a girl that has your pics? And she put up proof long time ago. In myyearbook.com
1	 Tabi isn&;t fake in anyways  so go suck a fat one. SERIOUSLY. I will beat your ass. I love you Tabi<3 ((:
0	  Hmmm i dont have one right off hand?
0	  Adidas.
0	 what&;s the best thing about your boyfriend?
0	  im his wife :)
0	 Do you have a tattoo  where is it located and what does it stand for?
0	  I love you too iSeeYa(3
0	  What kind of experience are you talking about? And pretty with no experience I guess?
0	 5 favorite things to eat
0	  Guess! haha no its the brand name.
0	  why yess i do.
0	  They've been good :)
0	  Hahaha of c
0	 what does it take to make you smile ?
0	 New york or paris?
0	  yea lol all the time
0	 How many drugs have you done in the past three days?
0	  Be truly Kind to one another.
0	  :) hahah thanksss
0	 If a cannible was on death row could he ask for the last guy that was electricuted for his last meal?
0	 ooo oooo thozz tha sounds u gunnna be makinn ;]]]
0	  ummm. well it'd prolly be for some weird fetish smelling creep so no. just cause. its weird.
0	 what does lol mean?
0	  My heart be broken.
0	 What do you want to see happen before you die?
0	  purple. always
0	  :) Aww!! Yeahh she is my best friend * raphaela * Haha. She is german so i guess thts why! lmao <3
0	  Michael Jackson! haha wait wrong one  Michael Jordon i meant ahah
0	  i didnt know there was an OLD zealand.
1	 Your picture looks shopped...
0	 yyyessss>:))) way to think outside the cheesecake:D wooo goods cuz icecream is the beseeest!!!!  specially with cohoclate syrup aaaaaanndgummy bears woooo:D
0	 You can choose your method of dying and the place in which you will die. Where would you like to die and how?
0	  lololol
0	 hello:)
0	 and then prue &amp; Phoebe from charmed came over but then the robots came back &amp; i had to run but some boy saved me lol #Random
0	  lol iDid
0	 I will be gone for a couple of days.  I&;m moving tomorrow.  The internet is going to be hooked this weekend. So  I shall return in a few days.  If you want to be taken off the list  please send a message in my inbox. Have a good weekend!  =)
0	  O H I O :]
0	 Do you shower in the morning or at night before bed?
0	  Yes haha im not gayy silly (:
0	  I never wear a watch. i dont like time.
0	 If you could fix one thing about your life what would it be?
0	 Where was the last place you visited for days?
0	  Play boiiiii lol jk I dunno? hah
0	 Do you believe that everything happens for a reason?
0	  hmm..not too long i would think..especially if it was bad.
0	 What do you do all day?
0	 When was the last pity party you held for yourself?
0	 What are your day dreams about?
0	  I'm a blunt and funny dancing alien that doesn't care what anyone thinks and loves to have fun. ;]
0	  hmm..popcicles. i dont eat much when its really hot outside.
0	  timmy. wanna. peanut.
0	 do you know how to speak korean?
0	  Maybe...why?
0	 thanks alot hahaha
0	 What&apos;s your favorite flavored Pringles?
0	  Watz ya name lol
0	  ye
0	 have you ever been turnt up?
0	 Can you draw pictures well?
0	  I can be both at times. I usually talk to no end. But theres always a time and a place to be social or to jjust be quite.
0	 What&;s the weirdest thing you&;ve ever eaten?
0	 Do you believe in fate?
1	 Hey  suck it hoe.
0	  mac and cheese
0	  Jet.
0	 what&;s your fave song?
0	  when im telling someone how i feel is so damn tough.
0	 What was the most recent movie that made you cry?
0	  nope
0	 Say your still driving at night and you see a woman on the side of the road screaming for help  do you stop?
0	 Favorite Food
0	 Do you say I Love You to your friends all the time?:
0	 Dude Nishana told me she has a crush on you.
0	 do you ever wish that you could somehow go back in time? and for what reasons  if you dont mind me asking anyway.
0	  Good John John(:
0	  on here? like maybe 15 people or a lil more lol
0	 What&;s the best place near you to get a drink?
0	 Y A Y!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IM SO HAPPY THAT YOU ARE GOING TO NORTH :DDDD YOUR GOING TO LIKE IT WAYYY MORE THAN KING  I PROMISEE!!!!! =]]] I LOVE YOU <3333
0	  depends on the restaurants policies
0	  Miley's a HOOCHIE! BIEBER ALL THEE WAY GHURL!!or boy!<33
0	 Can you do push ups?
0	  Yes. I always cry when I get mad. Its dumb sometimes lol because people think I'm sad and Im sooo not :]
0	  Oh thats wht i think too! dnt be sorry hahaha! Silly goose
0	  Ohh I definantly sit down and talk to him. Seems that he'd be a pretty interesting zombie. haha
0	 how often do you download songs you hear in commercials?
0	  i dont want to  sorry dont take it personal.r but i will answer stuff on formspring.
0	 Can you drive a manual shift vehicle?
0	 Are you double jointed?
0	  i dont think so
0	 do you like spongebob
0	  sour krawt. i hate that stuff for some reason.
0	 Cute default.
0	 What bothers you the most about society?
0	  iDnt even kno who da hell they are
0	  None! haha
0	  Not really. Traits of people that I hate? Most definantly.
0	 Where is your biological mother right now?
0	 Do you sing in the car?
0	  umm short stack 16-04-2010 <3
0	  Nope.
0	 Is there one person that can always make you smile?
0	 Perv or Shy?
0	 hottest guy you have ever seen in real life?
1	 im better tthan youu :)
0	  Share it :) help my parents out. My dad works like a dog and I feel like he tries hardest and barely gets anywhere..and my sister and brothers.
0	 When you drop your phone  Do you get scared it broke? I do >.<
0	 What do you think is your most attractive feature?
0	 If you had to choose between a millions bucks and being able to fly  which would you choose?
0	  hahahahahhaahha :) love you to.
0	 Do you and Timmy have a KI pass? :D
0	  serious? your so lucky
0	  yea :)
0	 Surprise parties u2013 yes  or no? Why or why not?
0	 -Hellz yeahh(: of course i&;m qoinqq i wannah b with you quy&;s  like duhh<3
0	 what was your longest relationship
0	 Who&;s the funniest person you know?
0	 Who do you hate the most?
0	 happy?
1	 i dont givafuck. ur friendless  previously stated in one of my other comments. except for firey  bitch
0	 Do you put cheese on your spaghetti?
0	  Vans  pants  and a shirt haha
0	  Nope  has anyone?
0	  eminem anything! he's whole entire cd willl  be out on th
0	  Look below. I wrote an entire book about how he's the best :] haha
0	 What kind of phone do you want?
0	 !f ! @cC3pT wut yuH qon3 duuuu f@ mii
0	  every one in da book
0	 you got a myspace
0	 Would you rather lose your memory or your vision?
0	 Why do people say &quot;be yourself&quot; then they dislike people for being themselves?
0	  chest and arms haha
0	 Me and Xentury discussed this. If you just got out of a house with a killer and you turn around to see a kid still stuck in the house  do you go back?
0	  Ive only been flipped off once in my entire life and it was when I first started driving. Some guy cut me off coming onto a highway from a ramp..So i flipped my lights to let him know i was there because I had to slam on my brakes. And he flipped me off. r It hurt my feelings and throw a fit anytime im with someone with road rage that flips someone else off. I make them feel bad about why it was even necessary in the first place....hahaha
0	  how crude people are. all people.
0	 Do you de-label your beer bottles?
1	 Your face is such a mess  why don&;t you get your dog something different to chew on?
0	  I would so travel thee world  Visit my overseas besties then shop everywhere!<3
0	 Ay u single ma?
0	 What will make you nervous faster than anything?
0	 Do you get cold sores often?:
0	 How did your parents ever explain to you how babies were made? Did they give the bees &amp; flowers speech or said the whole truth?
0	 What are 3 things that you consider humanely impossible and NEVER being exploited successfully?  Or is anything possible? Explain.
0	  Nope.
0	  dogs.
0	  yes
0	 If I had my legs amputated  would I have to change my height and weight on my driver&apos;s license?
0	  worse? that there isn't.
0	  Hmm. how to cut people in half. hahahha
0	 Any Living Grandparents ??
0	  have babies :) hahah that is pretty crazy.
0	 What would you do if you lost your bathing suit while you were swimming?
0	 What is your favorite kind of potato chip?
0	  idk but thats a good question. i always wonder the same thing. and why the parents allow them to be in it in the first place?
0	 Name the clothing store you shop at the most?
0	 Are you more of a talker or more of a listener?
0	 Have you ever been bitten by a dog?
0	  :) omg thanks! :D
0	  no i didn't actually
0	  nahhh
0	 Do any of your friends have children?
0	 Do you think famous people have the right to have a private life?
0	  haha okay. i think its funny i dont care.
0	  No other than the most recent question about if I start conversations with ppl I just met. lol weird you ask. whyy?
0	  My best friend is married to a guy that has a little 2 year old girl
0	 When did you last receive a text message?
0	 he&;s like a curse r he&;s like a drug r you&;ll get addicted to his lover you wanna get out but he&;s holdin you down r r sing it babe!!! :)
0	 Last event you dressed up for?
0	  Ostratrich
0	  Justin Bieber or Channing Tatum! haha yumm!
1	 stop acting like you know everything. your fat. get over yourself you mouthy slag :L and no your not better then everyone else! (:
0	  nahhh
1	 Learn how to spell? Learn how to tell apart a typo from a spelling error.   And learn how to be a proper fake.
0	 Do Chinese people get English sayings tattooed on their bodies?
0	 You should ignore all those comments people send to you. Everyone knows you don&;t fake yourself  and they just want to be like you. You&;re very pretty  and I know I&;m jealous of my cousin :]
0	 Do you have a garden?
0	 How would you describe your style?
0	 Do you scream on rollercoasters?
0	  dry erase.
0	 Do you likee chicks?
0	 are you a filipina??or a foreigner??
0	 are you able to act like yourself around other people with your girlfriend
0	 timmeh?
0	 do humming birds hum because they dont know the words
0	 YO YO YO whaaa chuuu doooinnn guuurrrrrrlllll?????????
0	  dont have one
0	 hahahah  I love your Bio (; OH OH OH question.. WHY CAN&;T PEOPLE SPELL?! VV (:
0	 Is someone on your mind right now?
0	 Why do they put crutons in an air tight sealed bag? They are just pieces of stale bread to begin with  right?
0	  i loveeeee my chocolate man ;) lmao <3
0	 What would you do if you found the wallet of your next-door neighbor who you hated?
0	 Were you ever physically abused?:
0	  yes.
0	  People keep talking about me on your page :/
0	  Night 4shuree!!
0	  My fav song girly!!! is umm.. Up &amp; Running by @jessicajarrell atm! But i have lots :) hbu!?
0	 Do you have a tan?
0	 Current worry?
0	  ummmm  people tell me i am. but i dont really show alot of people my stuff.
0	  Julia Roberts.
0	  Possibly
0	  okay
0	  help a lot of people in need.
0	 would you ever consider dateing a girl?
0	 Favorite daytime talk show host?
0	  because they dont care
0	  Once.
0	  nahh
0	 Why isnt there a mouse flavoured cat food?
0	  Being able to fly!!!!!!!!!!! :] but it would have to be all the time hahahha
0	  lol wow...it dnt mata wat ya guna do for mi??
0	 iloveeyou(:
0	  panama city  FL.
0	  (: ahaha hii ceara..
0	  he is really cute.
0	  My bestest.
0	  well its real meaning is a female dog. :) ahhahar but I would define it as:r An inconsiderate person that doesn't care what people think nor if or how they hurt another persons feelings. Someone who is usually insecure of themselves and have to put other people down to make themselves feel better about ones self. hahaha
0	 What&;s the longest you&;ve ever gone without a bath or shower?
0	  paris hilton
0	 Could you ever shoot someone if they were trying to kill you?
0	 Nicoooo! :) okay...welllllll bye :)
0	  repeat question
0	  hi:) how are u haha.
0	  Hahhahaha
0	  The reject shop....lol joking ummmm supre possibly i dont no. lol
0	  Yes i suppose.
0	 If the professor on Giligan&apos;s Island can make a radio out of coconut  why can&apos;t he fix a hole in a boat?
0	  well i know who this is..
0	  hmmm...my first
0	 i like yur bg
0	  Thats funny. Nothing yet. But im hungry now that you mention it :]
0	  dui.
0	  Who is this?
0	 Are you eating anything right now?
0	  YEAH!!! I don't understand why people don't tell others about that kind of stuff??!?!? It drives me crazy. Everyone would want someone to tell them if it were happening to them!!
0	 what&;s something you&;d change about urself?
0	 Snobby small minded people live everywhere ... you can be that way .. i can be that way ... its not just in Texas ... soo yeahhh
0	  tv.....u can watch stuff thats been on tv on the computer :D
0	  ashlee 13 florida 7th
0	  i guesss so. ha
0	  jansport :)
0	  :[ computers are dumb sometimes. and yup you too! I had like 110 because of you :] Well and cause I didnt get on all weekend..haha
0	  have too! :) it makes it so much more fun.
0	 YOU NEVER CALLED ME.
0	  yes again. for not coming back to class. haha
0	 do you lie alot?
0	 Where would you bury hidden treasure if you had some?
0	  a tonn :] I don't think my bf can hug me enough sometimes
0	  yes.
0	  hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
0	 Is there anything weird that you do?
0	  yes very much lol =]
0	 if u won 30 millon what would u do firstr
0	 yu tld me lmfao lykk yestadayy
0	  hippi van
0	  Not at all
0	  okay thankyou  your a great help.
0	 I am going to go to bed now. I still ahve alot of stuff on my mind. Ehhh... well have a good/day. <3 Leave me things.
0	 Can we be in two places at once?
0	  yea my sister
0	 What movie do you know every line to?
0	 What&;s your thoughts on fighting?
0	 do the makers of Friendster uses Facebook? =)
0	  1995 haha when i was bornwas my year! Doh!I didnt have 2 do ANYTHING on my own haha
0	  robin in batman. i thought robin was the best and thought he should be the star!! hahah and my favorite power was..? hmm..well i guess spidermans powers. he is sick. haha
0	 have you ever been on itellyouthat.com? go there and tell something to the world :D
0	 Would you rather be a famous musician or a famous actor?
0	 would you ever want to be famous? why or why not?
0	 Would you like to go to space?
0	 Have you ever ridden in a taxi?
0	  Lookkk meahh upp! (: ALEXIS NICOLE HODNETT<3
0	  No. Im with my first and am gladly in love with him-r HARD TO GET is always BETTER! :)
0	 How many suitcases do you own?
0	  Is it dina?
0	 ******************MEOWWW*************************
0	  large
0	  blah
0	  short stack lol lots of ppl are asking questions about them 4 me lol =]
0	 why haven&;t i had any dinner yet?
0	  not too often  once a year perhaps but it hits hard when i do get sick.
1	 your mad ugly. true talk.
0	 Chicken Or Hamburgers?
0	 Who&;s the coolest person you know?
0	  during a game? i think maybe during heads up seven up. haha i used to watch peoples shoes.
0	  the type of tomato used :P
0	  NO no no! I Love youuu moreee<333 ;D haha!!
0	  Uranus. hahahahhahahahha I crack myself up. Pluto definantly :] its the only one thats been a planet and moon at the same time! thats soo me :]
0	  i would probably try about 2050965967 ways to stop it. ninja to protest. and i would be disapointed in whoever didnt try.
0	 what if i want to ask you something inappropriate? ;)
0	 reow!!!!!!!
0	  not really
0	 When was the last time you went to the circus?
0	  naw iMean foreal
0	 If you people really still think that Tabi&;s fake  go look at her dang MySpace. -.-
1	 Your so fucking immature I&;m sorry you have no friends so you have to be rude to everyone
0	  helping someone without them knowing who did it.
0	  yes.
0	 ur butiful babe i just wish i waz urz.
0	 do you have any fun summer plans?
0	  ooo i guess you're too quick for me ;)
0	 Have you ever texted and drove? Do you talk on your phone and drive? Do you eat and drive?
0	 Do you own a pair of dice?
0	 tabi i feel so bad about these bitchy girls who keep on saying shit to you on here  if they even knew you they would no you are the most moddest girl i have ever met.
0	  Ahhh! I love em both but I would go for Justin Bieber!!! Well because i'm older. But I perfer them BOTH!
0	 haha so many people are hating on your formspring.
0	 lol [: your a funny kidd you know that? [;
0	 what others do you have?
0	  synonym book :P
0	  sometimes when theyre trying to be gangsta or ignorant
0	  a house :]
0	  waldo. and helga. nahh jk  guys-lucas casey mclaine gabe jack dakota s. jake nathan girls- maddie cassie nicky
0	 Do you want to get married?
0	 What holiday is closest to your birthday?
0	 Do you sleep with your closet doors open or closed?
0	  yes.
0	  For shizz lady. :]
0	  not that im aware
0	  Fist fight?? No. Im a lover not a fighter. ha
0	 Do you think we are raising the next generation right?
0	 Yeah  I met them at their show :) Got a free shirt too.
0	 what do you do to help the environment ?
0	 Do you lyke gurlz?
0	  Idk. I dont get them. And yes you get them from kissing. saliva or other juices transferring from another person with the infection. They are herpes!!
0	  thanksssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
1	 Answer your questions biatchh!! :L
0	 What would you do if somehow you caught a STD?
0	  yes i have before. many a times :P ha
1	 u2584u2588u2580 u2588u2584 u2588u2584u2588 u2580u2588u2580
1	 r u retarded ? :P jking
0	 Are you passionate about your beliefs?
0	  who?
0	 do you like shaun diviney?
0	  ummm MRH? nope lol
0	  LOVE THEM :]
1	 Just admit ur a lesbian drug addict who flirts with guys  it&apos;s okay(:
0	  i got it lol i dont like it so far.................. :/
0	  Hell NO!
0	 do you have a bf??
0	 Do you eat a lot?:
0	  Lol idk thoo Kim has a better body buhht ugh geez idk (x
0	 Have you done something bad today?
0	  I like too many songs to have a favorite
0	 how do you express your anger?
0	  Nope ;/ Bhut Not Having a BF doesnt mean The WORLD ends;] I guess im waiting 4 the 1  ya kno? Hbu mamas?!
0	 hey you&;re an amazing nice and sweet girl..pretty too!
0	  Nope:[ I wish  bhut hey i might someday rite haha..Hbu?!
0	 what do you think of Spiderman without Tobey?
0	  Swedish fish &amp;&amp; reeeeses. YUM
0	  Yes. Karma? :) its always there. so be nice!
0	  Good . hungry actually :)
0	  within a week or two. depends on what they say happened.
0	 If given the chance would you like to come back as a ghost?
0	  In a graveyard. Muuuuahhhahaha
0	 ahhh true.. true... plus it plays music XD
0	 Is there anything that can make you sick just by smelling it?
0	  Yup yup
0	 What music are you listening to today?
0	  yes my camera i have now
0	 If a kid refuses to sleep during nap time  are they guilty of resisting a rest?
0	  Yeah i made my first one. and forgot the password to it!!!!! haha so i had to make a new one. it sucked but at least it was farely new to me. teaachgee is the right one!! :)
0	  a couple. i really only like beer haha :P and not hard liqour
0	 something you regretted after it was done?
0	 Do you ever go bird watching?
0	 If the universe is everything  and scientists say that the universe is expanding  what do you think it is expanding into?
0	 what nashionality are you?
0	  Nahh
0	 yeah its really hard to when i get this shit like every ither day like it seriously pisses me off now  if it was like yesturday i wouldnt give 2 fucks but with everything im going thru right now its like wtf.
0	  Actually i was that kid who wanted to be by herself so i guess when i grow up im going to be ME lol! Hard question 2 answer.
0	  somet
0	  I don't mind household chores actually. but I guess I'd say dusting. I don't enjoy that :/ ha
0	 Are there any people on youtube that you subscribe too and always watch their vids?
0	 so are you talking to shira or frances? its hard to keep up  playa playaa lol.
0	  Okaydokay.
0	 What is your zodiac sign?
0	  sometimes.
0	  yeah
0	  lmfao wtf yew tell mi
0	  not really . I like meeting new people
1	 r u a drty slut?
0	  why do i cause so much drama? :(
0	 AlexisNicoleHodnett is my besttestt frann<3(: iloveyouu Lexiflagss(:
0	  last snow season
1	 y is the sky blue?
0	 Don&;t you hate it when people lie to you about coming over?
0	  boiled eggs :D hahaha
0	  lol gurl iKan do anythang
0	  Okay Im super glad you asked me this question  only because its a common misconception about hiccups. Your not supposed to hold your breath. The reason you have hiccups in the first place  is lack of oxygen. So the usual hold your breath till your face turns blue and still keep holding it  isn't what makes them go away. Its the deep breath you take after holding your breath :]r r So to relieve my hiccups  I hold my breath ;) haha only to take a bigger breath afterward.
0	  complete silence and all darkness.
0	  2 :)
0	 do you like justin bieber
0	  lol im telling yew
0	 Have you told your partner about all of your past relationships?
0	  kkkkk
0	  church camp once. it was fun but we got kicked out.
0	 Do you consider yourself a good dancer?
0	  Thank you <3
0	  The beast.
0	 Have you ever lost something really important and spent hours looking for it?
0	 how have your past couple days been?
0	  yes
0	  : )
0	 anyone or someone particular?
0	  Yes. Its weird sometimes. But dreams are weird. haha
0	  im not a fucking prostitute lol. i dont want your money. maybe if you tell me who you might be ill let you know the answer ;]
0	  Spontaeity. hahaha even though i wish i could say stability.
0	  Annoyed lol
1	hes goin dwn!we cld kick his ass n dominate him
1	maybe he sldnt cum out in his mofo boxers n dance around hes guna b jumpin around n his junk fall out
1	yeah..what is it that u called me? "ass clown" LMAO..i was like uhhhh welllll then hahahaah
1	Ohhh I hate snow days because then we have to make them up later.
1	WOOT!! 8 pounds is AWESOME! YES  you can! 1 pound at a time... I need to get my ass in gear ;)
1	damn  why don't all harem leads shout that  kouhai~? would be interesting the resulting chaos
1	@icystorm I think the thing to note here is that everyone has an emo phrase re: romance in high school and eventually it blows over
1	What happened in '93? (Also  I would have accepted "29-5-4 bitch")
1	Sure glad you found something better to listen to. Would hate to hear you make the news "that" way
1	Awesome...Love it or Hate it...An Atmospher of Change...is HERE
1	Top three tips: 1) scan updates  2) pay more attention to @ replies and 3) set time limits before it sucks your day! ;)
1	I find the exact opposite to be true.  I can review a book I hate in fifteen minutes.  Good books take hours.
1	that's the coolest damn thing yet! Have you put it on your own website yet? Its a pretty simple ap  just don't use huge pics
1	Yeah  I was teasing Dad  he got a new snow blower  and I said as much as I hate rain  I don't have to shovel it  get home and SNOW!!
1	 OH AND!   that guy in dark knight totally was wearing guy liner... he's gay!
1	 Because they are FUCKING DUMB and annoying
1	Damn how u burn spaghetti?
1	- Oh  yikes!  I hate that.  Will she willingly use the toilet for it?  My boys won't.
1	She says i have gubgivits? teeth thingies and she stole more blood. every six months with the blood stealing it sucks.
1	will ferrell can suck my dick. go on yim!!!
1	church can also suck my dick.
1	seriously. so precious. I laugh every time i think of Nate rocking out to that shitty ass band.
1	I may hate you a lot right now. Please die? :D
1	hahahahahahjdshgskdg I hate you. So much.
1	my job has made me feel like a tool so i am trying to change how i consume things. fucking cvs.
1	holy fuck. i would just make pasta or something if i were you  that is ridiculous.
1	if you're going to have to spend that much for a fucking pizza  at least go to mellow mushroom or somewhere not disgusting.
1	Frankly  I'm shocked that they use coal at all around here... HELLO!!! Hydro anyone? There's a fucking OCEAN right there!
1	work on this glorous sat. with this crazy ass shoppers
1	what happens when you run out of Word of the Gay words. :)
1	THAT WAS FUCKING EPIC.
1	I nominate @PhillyD for a Shorty Award in #entertainment because he's emo.
1	admit it. You're secretly in training for RSA. @beaker who? I can see it now: Cigar  red-bull  and can of whoop-ass. Nice.
1	lol yeah  I coulda told you that cuz I'm a big fucking dorkass about that movie as wel all very well know :) I actually had a dream
1	meeting friend for lunch/coffee. Getting hair cut (although I hate that bit) and my works do in the evening!
1	yea..brang yo ass down  son :) I'll be @ Essence again...Staying @ the W! (thanxxxxxx Sony woop woop n da poop poop)
1	I hate weddings.. u shud be grateful for being male  not worrying about what u got to wear.
1	Dick Whittington's Lolcat: I WAS DOIN CAPS FOR LOLSPEAK  SORRY FER CONFYUSHION :( #twitpanto
1	http://twitpic.com/vk9k - Dick Whittington's Lolcat: NICE SPACE TROUSRS  BOSS #twitpanto
1	twins! we've been watching this one guy  he sucks with a hammer
1	PETA is an ass in the article  D. Big time.
1	canadians always make me think shut your fucking face uncle fucker!   http://kenny.smoovenet.com/grabpics/terrance.gif
1	oh in that case. WTF  thats some ugly ass shit to do.
1	"midget w/a hookhand hangin off your collar" IM FUCKING DEAD. BURY ME. D-E-A-D DEAD.
1	i hate people sometimes-today is one of those more than usual days
1	YES. the thing is big enough for my ass plus another half. its like my parents couch.
1	well shit then I know I'll catch on ... who the fuck wouldn't be interested in what I have to say.. LOL!
1	lmfao HURRY AND GET THE FUCKING LYRICS.
1	ill settle that bitch down real quick 
1	you work in cape cod. why the fuck am i up so early. argh  stupid cousin &brother.
1	damn! twitpic that shizzle!
1	Exactly! Damn cops disagree though
1	dont hate ur life! =_=
1	dont hate!
1	I hate ism's as much as the next guy but when the shoe fits...
1	Oh  conservation you mean! That is a good point.  I admire many socialists but hate their ideals socialism brings with it.
1	can you tell loser tudds to turn his fucking phone on...
1	whoever created chocolate pecan pie  thank. thank you for my big fat ass.
1	if you hate sprint. try jogging. and stop once and while for eggnog.
1	cont. and you must RT EVERY LITTLE THING someone says  then DAMN do I feel SORRY for you and your friends.
1	 RT this then GO fuck yourself stay the FUCL out of lives and HOPEFULLY you'll die a Horrendous DEATH for all to WATCH 
1	Do you realize your comment on parents dying comes off as a tad insensitive? like a "sucks to be you" comment
1	you won't die in Queens we're civilized here in Queens  hell there's a Starbucks & McDonald's on damn near every corner  have fun
1	What? Yours WORKS? I hate you.
1	"hey've just proved how fucking irrelevant they are" ..By making you go and read them?
1	 sometimes I hate how contagious US culture is
1	The eyes followng me are creepy. Damn creepy. And that smile makes it worse.
1	cock flavored seasoning?!?!? wtf
1	That depends on if you are dealing with a pain slut or not.
1	You're going to find a woman and tease her to make her have to cum silently at work?
1	Exactly. Poor kids. That damn thing has me watching weird videos on YouTube now. Argh.
1	She's probably saying all kinds of phony shit and giggling like she's 13 years old. God  I hate her.
1	She makes me sick. She thinks she's cool and youthful cuz she watches that show. Phony bitch.
1	 LOL FAT NIGGAZ UNITE FATRON!!! HAHAHAHA
1	let's be gay together!
1	THE NEW FUCKING GENERAL OF THE WORLD  THAT'S WHAT.
1	hahah word ! their set was off the fucking hezay
1	damn straight you do
1	well mine are double flared  so they are a fucking homo bitch cunt to get out. aggrivation!
1	i hate you
1	Kurt you're on the most watched tv station in central Ohio  your ass should be #1 already LOL. I'm just cooler than you!
1	a) JTP is a douchebag b) Stewart kicks ass!
1	I cunt wait for u to start shitting out the gifts I sent jew.
1	what is this dick suck moment? lol. HAPPY NEW YEAR
1	WPMU can go fuck itself
1	there you go denying stuff again. until Maury clears you on TV w/ an "i aint yo daddy test " your ass is suspect.
1	This week in fuck?
1	I did ur mom last night? Naww I don't like old fat white bitches! &#58390;
1	damn we got BWNT - where you headed tonight?
1	Frickin turnovers! Dang flags.  SD's gonna beat our ass and Denver is going to blow a 3 game lead. They don't deserve to win.
1	I meant boo YOU whore!
1	you are such a whore LOL
1	- yep  I'm a real ass. Everybody knows that.
1	 Wow...so you bought what's fashionable at...gay biker bars!!!  Congrats!!!  :-)
1	yeah u are!! Asian ass  embrace it
1	so  when he laughs & comes down the chimney  does he say  "Whore! Whore! Whore!" and shake like a bowl full of jelly???
1	How would you fancy being Jeff's resident bitch? Just his pet  he can take you out for walk and stuff. Straighten your hair...
1	You clearly said "Would I have to fuck anyone"
1	Lol. Ur a bitch. I've done Hondurans and Chileans  and I don't need some closet gay Peruvian dressing better than I do!
1	2008 is over? Damn  what'd I miss! I quit keeping track of years after 'Buffy' went of the air...
1	that's why I hate them. "Oooops  why don't I go this way and destroy your whole story. Or maybe ill refuse to say anything."
1	Damn cat. She snuck into Aidan's CRIB (1st time) he woke screaming - went in - he was squeezing her & she was kicking his tummy.
1	(cont) I say  the whole sheet costs $8.40... buy one of each and get the fuck out of my way!
1	yes  you remember me trying to keep *MY* lashes on for the awards this year- never fucking wearing those damn things AGAIN
1	Called in gay? LMAO!
1	this isn't hate  this is survival for the eagles. stompin the giants alone won't get us in the playoffs. the cowgurls gotta lose
1	the lox "f**k you " "keep it thoro" prodigy  "we run this" fat joe  "i come thru" styles and nore  "broken language" smooth
1	you sir  are an ass. ;)
1	I never really thought about it  but I nearly always eat a big-ass plate of spaghetti and watch Goodfellas on Christmas eve
1	 ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! Quick! Forget the prenup! Get lo-jack implanted in the new wife instead! I think he's an ass.
1	that's weird  because I hate them the second time I see them.  First time is ok but they get old quick.
1	because the sandman is being a punk ass ho...
1	We just call that "whiskey dick."
1	lol just rhyming  gay i know
1	i'm glad someone is teaching that 3-year-old how to "slap dat ass" :)
1	yeah but zro rly is the eMo city don
1	Then you should make fun of her for not looking at your ass.
1	i second that. i hate banks
1	She can bust her ass on stage and GAIN fans  You gotta love her.
1	 @Dave_Malby acting as Colfax Chick's agent! After 100 followers I will make sure to get her ass down here and tweet with everyone
1	The fail whale was shown when twitter went down. It was a whale being lifted by birds.
1	dont hate too hard!  it hasn't been very warm here lately!
1	fuck right
1	omg! what are you in the mood for.. i crock pot my ass off!
1	ooh im sorry my non celibate ass mourns for ur celibacy and it sorry demise my condolences http://twurl.nl/a16z8c
1	damn kid...condolences homie http://twurl.nl/i3pwps
1	I never took you for a sore (at least for the players getting kicked in the goolies) loser LOL
1	@derekbender It takes a real scumbag to steal from a community. Whoever stole the foosball table can bet I will fuck you up.
1	did you come up with the "server-hugger" moniker  or what some other wise-ass?
1	Pains in the ass cause that twitch!!! I am telling ya
1	horrified mum can squlor (he hasnt been gone long enough) Im a chiness pig its what we do riding this till the end of 2008
1	"Big Ass" was this past weekend and went well  #2 (Last Minute Maul) is this weekend.
1	you need some sort of ... ass whoopin...
1	im not that crippled  in gym we were laying on our stomachs and some fat kid landed on my upright foot and it hurts like a mofo
1	that  and "I'm not gay" aw I miss bonez.  I hope he's not in prison.
1	- you are a man of action. great work Daniel. don't forget to record your fat loss seminar!
1	not really; i think i named all of them  which kind of sucks.
1	I thought Emo's don't "squeeee". I thought it was more of moan
1	18 fuckin children. damn....
1	he was given one extra ticket from a coworker so henceforth my ass stays here.
1	I'm sick of this bitch. He's wrecked enough of my life and I want him gone.
1	I STILL HATE YOU.
1	sucks for you
1	yeah cuz his show was on some wack ass arsenio for sports type shit  they need him in a jim rome type setting
1	was that a racial comment? on it's going down!! bitch!
1	your mom/dad hate my monroe :(!!!!
1	yeah dat bitch stabbed me in my eye when I was trying to hit the snooze buttone this morning
1	Damn Danica! I know BK went hard  but shiit...we evoke tears  too? Lol
1	I hate 2 sound like a nigga but...will there be food? Lol
1	:(( @ tweet tweet you cookie crumble ass nigga
1	his haircut look like them fast ass Black Beetles on Super Mario Bros.
1	WHAT THE FUCK?! WHY?! Do they have fucking brains?!
1	I would have done it by now tbh. I have no words except just WHAT THE SHITTING FUCK ARE THEY THINKING!
1	in time for when I travel and the train company still refused to let me travel. The fucking wankers.
1	i fucking hate when free 70$ cheques just up and think they can walk away
1	Get Shit Done Day is almost over  fuck it  you should come
1	fuck em!
1	Thats what my aunt says. Still TMI. lol What are u watchin wit fat folks on it?
1	*throws all 52 dollars in my pocket at you* Let me hit the MAC. Ill be RIGHT back. Hold that pose *forgets pin number* FUCK!
1	"loser"?
1	ok  I had to say cock-blocked cuz  you know  it's a rooster. But apparently favrd doesn't like me
1	there was no fucking egg nog at the store i got a low fat chocolate milk fuck this bullshit
1	Retard. Section E is?
1	you need to work in that department so you can clean your smelly ass.
1	I can guess  smelly slut.
1	bitch you wanna go? Ill kick your ass
1	whoa be nice guys.. Whats all this FOOL and LOSER talk?
1	wow.. Thats how people get fat haha
1	I'm keeping it now *just* to piss you off. hehehe
1	Or  he's just sick of hearing me bitch about the cold and doesn't know what else to get me. I like your theory better  lol.
1	oic but what do you want sir? Did I get you a book on conspiracies and shit already? Yes I did hmmmm fuck thinks
1	I would be saying the same damn thing about you. LMAO idc if I know you I'd be like see that ridiculous bitch? RI-DIC-U-LOUS
1	wristband is shipping can they put those assclowns in the mail next to be delivered to an ass whoopin?
1	the day after christmas and not yet :/ so I will be there early sigh fuck my life
1	And I want a mansion in the countryside  a motorcycle  two cars  wife  kid  dog and a big fat wallet that says bad motherfucker.
1	fuck Dreamhost. that is all.
1	Ooh  You mean Whooty's = "Wht grls w/ bootys". LOL! my lil bro put me on to that corny ass saying.
1	dude  fucking seriously  you watched hella  now pay or wait an hour. bull shit. I want Stage 6 back!
1	Gay!
1	grab that... It's yours  bitch!
1	Okay  now we've established that  would you go gay for $7?
1	gay people have just as much of a right to be as miserable as straight people! ;)
1	In Ala-God-Damn-Bama  that would be Bidness Skool  right?
1	att is run by the devil  i hate them
1	#NAME?
1	Damn............I guess he has a life :(   hahahahahha
1	Did you just call me a bitch?  You're still upset because @CatalinaLoves is moving in on your bitch.
1	you should start obsessing over him it might freak the delivery guy out.
1	"HOLY FUCKING SHIT THIS IS A RIP OFF OF "foolin'" BY DEF LEPPARD HAHAHAHAHAHAHhaahahhahaa fucking gay"
1	lots of ppl i know hate the song. was spreading it around & most ppl ask me whats wrong with me hehe. i think its so fantastic.
1	Fuck dude  you manage to do this every week!
1	yes.. flickr upload photo its sucks on eventbox.. huhuhu *tooos* gw juga gak make digg sama pownce
1	I almost punched her vagina into the new year... grrr she was a cunt bag. How is your trip going?
1	lets just hope i dont kick any ass. im in a violent mood.
1	yey for drunkenness! fuck drunk dialing or drunk texting! its all about the drunk tweeting!
1	hehe its all good. my drunken ass is moving off of twirl and to the crack...berry that is.  :) feel free to txt me yo. 3204694136
1	I hate when I text somebody and they immediately call me.  Hey fuckface  if I wanted to hear your ugly voice I would have called you!
1	did i jus get a reply from an emo asian!? CRAZY!
1	and yes.  true life "i have tourettes" is genius.  so is "i went to fat camp".  lmaooooooo
1	aliea you better stay away from jesse james joplin the third!!!!!!!!  i don't give a fuck  bitch
1	get on messenger already whore.
1	I just assumed when you said "meet" you mean suck his dick  cuz that's what you do when you go to "meet" people.
1	no im just fucking pissed at shit
1	Fuck that shit. She wasn't even right about the older men I was hitting on.
1	LIKE YOU HATE A HUNDRED DOLLAR TIP. the other strippers must be SO JELLY. JAAAAY KAAAAAYYYYYY
1	OMFG. I JUST FIGURED OUT THAT @SHIT. AND MY FIRM'S IT GUY TRIED TO GET ME INTO CHUCK. IT'S REALLY NERD-O.
1	I wouldn't with ur dick! Now u owe me one!
1	like I said  I wouldn't even do it with your dick!
1	my dad started all this bullshit with my fam. He's such a fucking dumbass.
1	why do i imagine gouthami in police dress kannu adchifying and asking u for a lift! damn  i must stop these perverted thoughts!!!
1	lock it  yank his rights on both his accounts.  He's been a little bitch lately and I'm sick of it.
1	Then Clive is a total pussy and after reading his Dominion shit I do not believe that. Oh Clive so many missteps.
1	fuck you
1	Maybe you should get your dick out of your ear next time I'm explaining them to you!!
1	Nerd.
1	congrats on the Entrepreneur.com plug for Your Pitch Sucks http://bit.ly/pS0M !
1	yo I will nerd out on this shit all day!
1	dude ur wack ass better be playin at medium or above cuz u need to step up ur game if u wanna challenge a rock god such as myself
1	fuck outta here - for reals?
1	I LOVE how that statement was misconstrued as GAY!!!!
1	LOL!!! VIOLATOR IS THE TRUTH!!! HATE THEM AND U MUST HATE URSELF!!!
1	You're soft...Dude ran our country into the ground with no shame whatsoever...People need to be throwing boots  fuck a shoe...
1	Damn homie...I've got a comfy ass couch at my spot & zimbabwe that puts NYC to shame...You should have hit me up...
1	Fuck that  boo the DJs who don't play Che..Dude has at least 5 songs every DJ should be playin HEAVILY...DJs need to stop slackin.
1	Fuck a serato record  I was worried about my windows crackin..lol..I can live w/o a serato record  I don't have a backup window.
1	I think Bangladesh did "What's Your Fantasy"  and fuck what   anyone says  that song is a JAM...can't front on it...
1	grown ass kid lol
1	hate it all you want but its a hit record. And Jumpin Out the Window is by Ron Browz. I know its gotta be hot in NY.
1	women lie too. I know a bitch who was pimping herself out on craigslist. Yes  craigslist. I didn't believe it till that email.
1	Bitch I will cut you! @strong_bow Whatever happened to just smoking weed? @inject Because it makes us feel so good.
1	beat that bitch with a bat
1	biiiiiishop! - fuck u want? - yo ass punk...
1	yo Zee  you keep your hair tighter than frog ass.
1	if you don't know who i am  why follow me? get a fucking life and stop bitching about the past
1	NOONONOONONNNOONONNONONONOONON cock mongler..... you didn't eve nstraighten it...
1	I think i done bounced half my ass off LOL
1	yo freak "sarath freak"
1	I nominate @jcroft for a Shorty Award in #down-ass-bitches because she totally is one.
1	sucks man.
1	totally agree dude. Pushed carts at Safeway for 2yrs in hs  people are fucking retarded
1	Love hate?
1	Reminds me of another apt metaphor (Northerners say "fuck you" to mean "how nice"; Southerners say "how nice" to mean "fuck you").
1	That's just one of many examples of Superman being a dick. http://tinyurl.com/5sgv8c
1	"run over my a Hyundai and ass raped by Clay Aiken." I would so prefer it the other way around.
1	well... the giant carts slamming into your ass isn't SOOO bad. But the sample hogs are pretty gross.
1	@alwaysgayalways You both need to watch/rewatch it. But more to sate your nerd jones than your gay-wadishness.
1	you'll be a a monit-whore.
1	i hate you
1	ohh damn bummer
1	ohh everytime I see that nasty ass husband  wants me to beat the shit outta him
1	lmao!!! seriously and I live in the middle of BFE!! Will you combat being a glow stick or let winter be a bitch?
1	haha naw pink fuck that! You just know what you want  and I feel you. whoo-hoo! lmao!!
1	no flash?  how good is the "low light setting" on cameraphones these days?  it pretty much sucks on my Tilt.
1	They beeped out "cock" .. eh gad! What do they do with vera on corination street with here "Coming to the rovers cock?"
1	Loser! Are you back for Chrimbo or staying out there?
1	you need to get rid of that game"COCK" you have running the team. Guy is a worthless crybaby  just like all UF staff/players
1	Holy shit just looking at that list pisses me off. Why the fuck are the Jonas Brothers on there?
1	trade secret ... it's an animated gif. Woke up REALLY early  couldn't sleep. My mind said  let's freak out @CalamityJen more.
1	I promise it'll go away as soon as @CalamityJen wakes up and kicks my ass.
1	I know... I would like to find out if I am right... wow... I need to shut the fuck up...
1	No can do  Maria. I'm going out alone. Don't stress about your shitty wombat friend. He sounds like a loser. Get some sleep.
1	haha. word. i'm having a glass of wine and retooling my erotica blog project. if i'm gonna be all emo i may as well channel it
1	booooooo! i have some hot- ass mushroom stock if you wanna come get it after work
1	amazingly  i have yet to hit the one down the street with a molotov & scream "fuck the police" while doing so.
1	My sis made me think @ your "Femmes & Fags" blog..she is a total boi but so extra that you would think she was a fag. lol
1	Damn  you mean I could have been rescued last night? Well fuck.
1	lmao ikr. I knew you would hate it. I couldn't watch it without laughing hysterically
1	@nannon_x who the fuck is charles? yoooooooooouuuuuuuuuuuu
1	coz it is attended by a lot of FAT people. You don't want me to show you the pics  do you? Oh  you were in it too!
1	No  but "Listening to Deathcab for Cutie while missing Burning man staff party...etc" would have been way emo.
1	you can have my dick. Its delicious
1	Dig him up? Fuck that - I'm picturing next years Halloween costume already!
1	I hate stupid people.
1	Is like putting Lipstick on a Pig!  You were perogued! LIVE WITH IT! #canadawest
1	lol :-) I just hate that designers alwaysthink THEY know best and likewise other people are clueless. It's insulting
1	yo i can kick yall ass for that synth in the begining..GOOD SHIT!!!
1	Lemme make fun of you for crying at a dog movie for Pete's sake. Nerd.
1	damn  that is pimp!
1	heh and then u yell "HOLY SHIT IM FAT"
1	HOLY FUCK!
1	cuz montana sucks?
1	your mom sucks  BITACH!
1	TWITTER SLUT!
1	fine! i'll stop!! Quit stompin' my cock!
1	my bleeping employment agency f***ed up my pay *again*. Didn't come on 24 Dec. Now have to wait until 2 Jan. I hate temping
1	Well  at least a swift kick in the ass. But  yeah  I take issue with some of these retarded names parents give their kids.
1	Oh  come ON... 1/10?  That is fucking ridiculous... that's what you give a movie like Love Guru or one shot on a fucking celphone.
1	Why does CHUD hate kids so much? 10 years from now  they're your readers!
1	i think that means ur gay. or a child predator.
1	art IS easy. who the fuck gives A+s?
1	bitch  hurry up!
1	lick on these nuts and suck the dick.
1	Drake.  He knows his mother was a bitch.
1	whatever you do just don't roll your eyes. they hate that. those peaceful scenes fly out their heads and they WILL b-slap you!
1	It's gay as fuck? I wasn't aware fuck could be gay? Why are you cussing?
1	the cock is just a figure head on favrd
1	what's gay about a sausage squirting at you?
1	Fake ass Left Eye.
1	Is "heavy hitler" sort of like "fat elvis"?
1	get drumk bitch!
1	I really hate bailing these guys out! They treat everyone like crap!
1	didja punch a bitch?
1	oh...and I wasn't just calling you a poser either :) http://is.gd/ed5v
1	don't get all emo about that ;)
1	Fucking tell me about it... So much for protecting the investors eh?
1	this pastor is a homophobic racist person who compares gay people to pedophiles. THIS IS NOT THE 1900S
1	OMG! cute emo cow! that would be acceptable! and the cow wouldn't mind the blood drinking...
1	I totally forgot Affliction!!!' fuck outta here!! I got ur tribal tattoo right here!!!!!!!!
1	U can be a freak and not like girls.
1	I'm more into shows like Dave Chapelle...I fuckin can't believe he flipped out and didn't do anymore..fuckin sucks.
1	i had to... i deleted the annoying bitch. she kept making me puke in my mouth
1	bitch what ? hahaha. j/k.
1	a recovering emo blogger...in the voice of andre 3000 "don't do it  reconsider  read some liter ature on the subject"
1	uh bitch wtf is that suppose to mean?
1	 yea you'll fuck around and get that ASS tapped tomorrow u keep talking reckless like you are doing
1	"'Cause I hate that you breathe  I see you duck  you little punk  you little fucking disease." -- all of my favorite words...
1	Reminds me of this Turkish guy I went to school with. A-hole. Everyone thought it was cultural. It wasn't. He was just a dick.
1	Two nerds enter  one nerd leaves!
1	no wonder you laughin'  i'm supposed to stay away from yo' ass.
1	goddamn it kj...fuck you 74 times http://tinyurl.com/6q8olq
1	goddamn it kj...fuck you 49 times http://tinyurl.com/5mq4sq
1	goddamn it kj...fuck you 58 times http://tinyurl.com/59blcl
1	goddamn it kj...fuck you 29 times http://tinyurl.com/6pey6r
1	goddamn it kj...fuck you 10 times http://tinyurl.com/5nv2tl
1	no fucking lie  lol everywhere i go...twitter myspace i see you... you were on 1 of my homies page!
1	ah  yeah but i was referring to the knives in your hand and the "holes' in the knife block YOU PERV!  Damn Lawyers !
1	that's happened to me twice in the past 4 months. Pain in the ass. Much.
1	Aw  I know  I was just being emo haha.  It's been a LONG week on a lot of levels.  ha.  Let's do something fun tonight!
1	who the fuck is bur`li?
1	Holy  fuck. That was amazing! I'm retweeting that sucker now!
1	fuck apparently i 4got that no homo part  guess i said that with a lot of homo
1	Clearly. Decepticonian bitch. Or at least incomprehensible. We shall steal her bras!
1	maybe he just has a dig cock to match the free weaponry he got to attack the defenceless...oops I mean 'defend' his country
1	fuck you dom
1	*watches than throws up* Man  that's was sick as fuck! A glass jar?!?
1	THINK??? You THINK they are gay??? REALLY???? Have you watched the show???? and you THINK????
1	just use water  loser.
1	don't fuck with Fiat
1	oh  well yeah  I hate the elderly too.
1	I don't care about leakage. Fuck the person sitting next to me in coach. (actually I do care)
1	I hate to point this out  but didn't you call Death Race awesome? DR will make my bottom 10 list w/o a doubt.
1	you are GAY!!!!!
1	DOG... ONE OF THEM WILL SOON CATCH YOU SLIPPING! THEY'LL PULL A GEORGE CASTANZA ON YOUR ASS THEN NEXT THING YOU KNOW  UR MARIED
1	way to fuck up a perfect opportunity to call yourself Z-Co!!!!
1	i've yet to be impressed with anything from his mouth. He was pissed I wouldn't drive from coweta to pick his drunk ass up
1	the fuck shit is this? people died for less. lol
1	am deleting all that bell-end Pineapples comments - so he keeps posting more. Cunt.
1	thanks  the nerd in me is overjoyed
1	want me to cut a bitch for ya?
1	it totally sucks!!!  i had to call the stores with the fraudulent charges  filed a police report  sign a notarized affidavit
1	shut your ass up I did....they got me though
1	don't hate pussy ass nigga....u suck dick n balls n ur on the bottom of the MSFB list
1	leave u with this....at least my dick still on my body unlike your stacy bump STD ass
1	omg srsy?? I loved ami  kat would always piss me off. She was always mad for no reason.
1	aww that's awful!! XD I loved the art  and watching them all freak out. I hated the asian dude  he was a dmbass.
1	wow emo... Ik ben benieuwd...
1	There are two types of people in the world: those using "lol" ironically  and those that are fucking twats who deserve to die.
1	A Snuggie to be burned? What kind of sick traditional blanket-loving freak are you?
1	Because "Oh  for fuck's sake!" has so much more impact. And our generation likes to offend old people as deeply as possible.
1	And you didn't even make it a dick joke? I feel like I don't know you.
1	katrinaneufeld Does a French whore smell better or worse than ur down home Blackstone variety?
1	Fuck you! Learn to surf NA!
1	Online nakedness amuses me.  'Oh my god  he has nipples!  And skin!  He's a freak!'.
1	damn...wish I knew how to write script. I just did 9 and have 7 more to upgrade.
1	i dont care if its him or his ppl ... i care if its authorized or a poser squatting
1	I wanna butt fuck you. Cuz im a horny gremlin
1	Keep your damn hands off my @jgarber. We claimed him first!
1	He can be a nice guy  but he is such a dick when it comes to fabsubbing that it is ridiculous.
1	I'm going to watch him kick Count Adamar's ass and then it's off to feed the beast.
1	how so? It's more reasonable cause of the smaller age difference...plus Mikey's always sex deprived so he's a fucking animal.
1	I hate you.
1	Way to be a dick.
1	I'm giving you fair warning to hate; high of 73 on wednesday  78 on thurs
1	bitch ass hot sounds pretty crappy.
1	it's called shitty ass fuck shit sir
1	how about "bitchling pig  suckas!"
1	DEAD ASS?!?!?!?!?!
1	What shall we call this gang? Initiation rights must begin with downing a Fail Whale.
1	Yeah  those same ugly guys that do gay-for-pay. That's why I demand hot girl on girl action in my porn. Oh oh. Yeah.
1	What a fab site! I didn't see the cozy *snort* but I want the mermaid gloves! Damn I wish I'd paid attention to my Nana... xxx ooo
1	GOD. You HATE US  don't you  George?! ::runs away crying::
1	& @kmellon:  I'm 500 pages in AND at the day job.  Eat that dick.
1	motherfucker stop drinking Red Bull ADDICT! watch ulcers eat at your stomach lining bitch!
1	pffft you mean maybe you'll suck ass for her
1	are you off bitch? I want BM it's my best friend! Damn it....hey don't forget FullMoon Getogether tonight
1	Blow it out your rank ass  cunt face cock-choking bonsai whore beast. LET IT SNOW  LET IT SNOW  LETITSNOW.
1	you seem like a hater. or maybe you do it to piss people off. either way  fact is always good.
1	HUJIKHJKUILJKKJ Lmaoooooo. I cannot stand y'all asian ass ho's.
1	whats wrong with a monkey fuck? Lol i got my zippo fueled so no need of monkey fucks now lol
1	UR a Chicken Cyber Punk! When a French Man came to kick your Ass  U put your Hands in your pockets and Cry like a Pussy! LMAO
1	FAT WHALE U still Floating  Did not SINK Yet?
1	don't be all emo like that xD.
1	LOL! The out-of-town revelers are arriving early for NYE...Damn tourists
1	why would u say fat people are dumb?
1	damn I wish it was 1 here so my day would almost be over; btw that Wiley track is my fucking anthem...good looks
1	I AM SO UPSET RIGHT NOW IRL  GODDAMN YOU. I AM KEEPING HIM TIED TO THE BED AT NIGHT FROM NOW ON  FUCK YOU AND DAVROS.
1	damn homie where did you get that stat??
1	if you were black  that last one would be so damn racist
1	fuck you  dude. it is more than amazing.
1	oh word? Back to the old photo? You green ass backdrop mother fucker!
1	"If you not on twitter you're a fucking moron" I agree
1	I will cut you in the mouth bitch!
1	I'm a shoe slut; Gee's a jacket slut; we're just all a bunch of sluts xD
1	he's a total loser spending his last howard stern money on internet sex
1	whos? ima slap the bitch.
1	too late  I am skipping town bitch! (gets on express train)
1	Bey going to get her ass whipped!
1	mate u know there are french umbracians out there cg09 u may get ur ass whupped :-}
1	are you just acting like a dick now?
1	bitch you wish.
1	you left me for a slut named kasumi.
1	WTF! Why did you not pick up your phone yet a mother fuckin gain! Are you trying to tell me something? I called you twice damn it
1	Fuck them!
1	You ruin fucking everything.
1	hehe "fucking shift" ... never heard of it in six months..... u get to fuck in da shift?
1	i used to have night shift @ IBM..... but alas without fucking.....
1	Finally made it out.I hate being a procrastinator.&#58382;
1	dam..she cold and she cold in live..by any means necessary you gotta do what you gotta do except for hate of course..lol
1	i really hate that song but thats like equivalent to "fuck them other niggas" to the 40 and up crowd
1	i give up fuck aim. ill ttyl.
1	Fuck off naturally as opposed to artificially?
1	nigga fuck put a Lil gin in it a drink dat shit son fuck 08
1	Dam Right. Fuck em
1	fucking stupid chat people are fucking idiots! Read what I said so I don't have to repeat myself five fucking times!
1	I'M THE JUGGERNAUT  BITCH!
1	yooozers 20 442 damn homie!!!
1	 apologizing for overactive hormones SUCKS.
1	Ya know  you can take full credit for memeing @evo_terra's cock-measuring fetish. I won't argue.
1	I brought Prussia back  bitch.
1	dude.. That idea is upgrade as fuck. (btw  my phone finally added "fuck" to the vocab list.. THAT is upgrade as fuck.)
1	I hate the fucking CTA. Fuckin' idiots.
1	QuantumOfSuck is a wannabe Transporter 3...
1	haha nah he didn't do anything I was talking about guys in general particularly a guy friend though and he was being a dick to  ...
1	awz cum ova
1	You did not come off as a bitch.  At least  you definitely weren't as bitchy as I thought I was being.  I've gotten upset now too
1	argh fucking motherfuckers!!!!='(((( I can't believe it dude the place is legendary...how dare they..
1	yuck... that is going to take a long ass time...
1	shut the fuck up LOL. I wanted to take a pic so bad but it would have been obvious. My mom wanted the hat. I just tried it on haha
1	my trainer likes to play games when I'm on the treadmill. He'll move the speed up and down up and down just to fuck with me
1	LOL well it's funny as hell they got two fat asses trying to fit threw some small holes.
1	big mistake. we gotta even it out. who da fuck else is in!
1	shut ur ass up! u woulda been wondering the same thing lol. done rehearsing 4da night & planning 2knock out...right about.....now
1	shut ur bitch ass up! OBVIOUSLY its not the same but its not like her name is spelt out as Eveyln dumbass.
1	YOUR A WHORE!
1	@petie_martin...shondor shabbos  that's what...shut the fuck up  donnie
1	Hell  I'm upset they allow him to get near a fucking camcorder  let alone direct anything. He'd fuck up a 3rd grade play.
1	 i can see the revolting illegal avatar now :) tempted to make my pussy misbehave in sympathy
1	fuck that!
1	he is a HUGE POSER! I want Toyboy back!
1	YAY OR NAY OR GAY?
1	a pussy snow
1	epic fail meaning it sucks? Hopefully
1	wat a fag....
1	wat a fag....
1	 pig 100% pig
1	how did you meet dad BITCH!
1	do you use the term fuck on a stick
1	DAMN I wish I wasn't in college!
1	This holiday is to celebrate a man nailed to a board. I want you to be MERRY about it. Why are you crying? DON"T FUCKING CRY!
1	Yeah  me too.  If this damn twitter wasn't around  I'd be much more productive.
1	damn iPhone keyboard. I find it astonishing that even in this era of social networking you can still be alone on a crowd
1	last nights Top Gear had V8 powered rocking chair = Fail. And Jeremy is gay.
1	sadly true - mens lifestyle walks a fine line between britneys bits  and articles about pectoral development for gay guys...
1	Why would gay marriage "change the basic structures" of your family life? It neither picks your pocket  not breaks your leg
1	Would it piss off Bill O'Reilly if I wished you a Merry Xmas and Happy Holidays?  I'm willing to give it a shot!
1	i was excited about seeing that until i remembered itv have the fa cup rights. god i hate itv
1	Yeah... sucks.. But yo  I tried to go to your webpage link but it dont work? And wut school u go to? Howard?
1	- hahaha .. you're silly! but dayum it's 10:22AM and i'm still kinda limping from my hip hurting THAT badly .. it sucks!
1	i know you got some bama ass shit on your ipod somewhere... some Pastor Troy or something lol.
1	It is totally rad  I assure you. But being a loser with no life outside the internet  few people ought to see you in it. ^__^
1	Wow  that sucks!
1	cool. But that fireplace looks totaly gay.
1	What!? Oh  that sucks!
1	I hate that  just finished round 4 of rough revisions for a client... can't they just be clear and concise at the get go?
1	How would they define failure anyway? People giving up and going back to reruns of The Biggest Loser?
1	I ran a 300 customer hosting company for years on Apache.  I know how to set it up.  It still sucks ass.
1	the early word is the spirit sucks... hard.  i'm a big fan of the eisner comics  but frank miller's take looks a little... meh.
1	damn that's fucked up Hawthorne is out of the way
1	And boycott that fucking bar if they don't carry it!
1	ugh  fuck the chargers!
1	haha  that's ghey. Tell them it sucks balls and they need a real designer.
1	Well good god damn.
1	i hate when i miss mac chats! grrr
1	there should be pictures of him at fucking otaku's cosplay section
1	all i heard for the last 2 hours was WHORE WHORE WHORE SLUT WHORE WHORE OH MY GOD WHORE WHORE
1	I heard it sucks... What do you think so far?
1	All those people who hate Hillary are the same ones who voted for her husband and loved her before Obama.  Just seems strange.
1	enjoyed reading your article ! shame I have such a bitch for a boss ;-)
1	you  dear sister  are a freak. this heat sucks.
1	I hate that entire area of new york.
1	I've been getting a lot of that Which sucks  cause I really need a job.I did get a random check from an old job for 100$ today though
1	aye  it sucks when you end up in that situation where you don't know what to do book learnin' is anti fucked. imo.
1	bitch you love me!
1	bitch better save me one!
1	OKAY... HE'S GAY ;)
1	Damn. Didn't see that one coming. I must be getting old. &lt;3 U 2  btw.
1	beast my pussy  bitch. LMAO...that's creepy.
1	follow me  you jackass. i hate you sometimes.
1	ahh damn it: Action 12.1.5.0 of Microsoft.SharePoint.Upgrade.SPSearchDatabaseSequence failed. and i didn't snap shot my VM DOH!
1	dude that sucks. On NYE nonetheless. Got a sore throat myself  hoping it's not strep. :-(
1	I remember when being snippy just meant I was trying to piss someone off... am I showing my age? :)
1	pls do....i was gon call molly maids up in this piece. i hate cleanin with a passion so early spring cleanin is some mf'in bull
1	hotel town whore is in the bed riding ol boy that treated her like shit and the freaky cop walks in the room
1	awww damn yeah....that really sucks!
1	lmao damn! thats all I can muster...
1	stop hating on the tube...its this damn censorship thats pissing me off more
1	bitch was craaaaaaaazzzzzzzzzzy!
1	Cuz u wanna fuck ricky martin
1	nasty ass bishes
1	u in a good mood souljaboy why u in a good mood oh n i luv ur new song 'damn ' like it hit   me bac
1	id die if he was super antsy i wanna request vacation and know when my shows r damn it first series anyway
1	I hate you .. why can't I go to Vegas ?
1	Ech! LOL....if it was me  I would wash the sweats at least twice...then again I hate bugs!
1	is het -5?! fuck..
1	THANK YOU! Beautifully worded. I'm so fucking sick of people just hating for hating. Everyone think they're so deep these days.
1	now who's the fucking hipster?As if you not dig Kanye! @dianor heyyy how you doin' @noarmsjames the man has great beats+lyrics
1	they don't use Euros yet? damn lol
1	It could be pig's lips from a garbage bag! Perk up  buttercup!
1	if you actually are a vicious ass koala bear  better to find out now than later. or else you might get confused.
1	Considering half of my fucking company has been laid off this morning  "MY BAD DAWG" might be appropriate
1	this job would be great if it wasnt for the fucking customers
1	HOLY FUCKING SHIT!!!!!!!!!!
1	I hate having to work ALL the time :)
1	I would have laughed so damn hard.
1	Damn! I need 2 get my pole game where that chicks is....um  but 1st Ima need SOME pole game 2 start with! LMAO!
1	 i kicked ur ass on balloono A.K.A the bommer man thing i was lameguest(bunch of numbers)
1	aww damn now u know how much your Christmas present was *sobs*
1	I like some of the features it has over Twitteriffic. But it takes up way too much screen real estate. And AIR sucks.
1	fuck...  lemme know if you'd like to work at criagslist
1	and leave ur ass hardly call until they want to re up on your ass. Sometimes they dont even stay 15 min & out!
1	ditto bitch!
1	Fuck mod_Ella.....http://tinyurl.com/5hdbje
1	who are you? oh uhmmmm HAPPY BIRTHDAY YOU FRENCH WHORE! @ClarissssssA Bed time last time im telling you &lt;33333333 gots thats  ...
1	I read WP as WordPress but damn that is hilarious.
1	Ah  so it was tough to hear about over and over... That sucks man. Sure its been tough.
1	um  coz you're awesome? and on another note...yo gabba gabba is fucking disturbing
1	*giggles and cuddles* Its some kids show...that is disturbing as FUCK.
1	Isn't any way you file taxes the gay way?
1	My problem is that bankers and investors have taken risks regardless of being told how bad things could fuck up.
1	thx for the well wishes lisa! i hate taking meds  so i'm all for fast healing:)
1	and that makes you feel like "lifes a bitch"...  well in my opinion anyway :P
1	and cant expect too much he was recording til 2wks ago!! too damn shame when ppl just rush to make an album these days!
1	I'M SO SORRY IF YOU THINK MY TRACKSUIT IS GAY. VICTORY. VENGEANCE. FOR MY STONE CHAMBER AND MY SWORD. MY SWOOOOOOORD!1
1	Ugh. Probably the same brain-deficient retard who stole my name on Youtube  Gaia  and all the faggy sites. How old is she?
1	lenee  that bo*o ass incense you gave me smells like an episcopalian funeral. lol! choked out saturday night  etc.
1	Be prepared for Toro to be a comple ass...
1	Fukin sun's blinding.... Reflecting off my damn phone screen
1	jealous! I will still hug u  lick ur face off  grab ur ass  and dry hump u a little bit when I c u.  Whatever!
1	((((((((((HUGS)))))))))) I love you tons and life totally sucks right now! I'm in it with you! LOL! xoxo Karen
1	HAIR PRODUCTS? I hear Hair Products?? lol i hear your getting beat up us girls do stick together...against them bad ass boys
1	hey you know wat wud b funny? to find out who started tht lil cheap ass lie tht if u roll ur eyez they'll get stuck like tht! rndm
1	damn your Jedi mind tricks!
1	lol at zach telling us google is evil and the translator on msn is fucking prime.
1	If you guys are having the problem that pages aren't fucking loading  then I'm having the same problems too.
1	drawing a blank... damn! will have to watch it again now... oh well...
1	the only thing I hate about Nikon is the dumb Ashton Kutcher ads they run.
1	be careful! Hood pigeons don't give a FUCK and pack heat! I've been robbed by them on countless occasions!
1	you smell like the insides of a beluga whale's forehead
1	dude so weird  i feel like good will stole one of my best friends too  Damn the man
1	makes you feel cheap doesn't it.  I hate that clients use these things...
1	that sucks.  I do both at my work  which is a pain the rear-end too  because everyone thinks they're designers ;)
1	damn work fire wall. can't go to myspace. :(
1	that sucks that the internet is being twitchy. Hope it works soon. :(
1	yeah. subconscious sucks sometimes. always telling me what I'm doing is wrong. Most of the time it's not. :)
1	man  that sucks. need any more balls kicked? i'll do it!
1	ah damn man! Good Luck!! You can do eeeeit!!!
1	Yvonne that's a french ass name Yvonne.  My little cwasont .
1	I still think you should be prouder of the "Fuck fuck fuck!" but "Rock!" is pretty good. When will you be teaching her "FUCK YEAH"?
1	Damn  tough call  but I'd have to say toddlers.
1	I'm at a high school that I fucken hate. I can't stand these people  but my sister has a concert thing so I have to be here
1	oh no!! that sucks!
1	oh bugger at car screaming.. that sucks.... glad to hear the rest was all good
1	Who would be ur premiere Ultimate Dumb Ass?
1	except now they have his crazy ass son to deal with  probably.
1	oh! I saw the ex earlier. Asked if I "fancied a fuck" before he left the hospital. I politely declined.
1	we all fucking know better.
1	haha cunt.
1	I hate him.
1	damn your phone....SEVEn SEEEVEEEENNN
1	I especially hate it when they make me lift up my feet to sweep under my desk. Sigh.
1	it sounded a lot like that  actually. Fucking Hagrid.
1	you ass. Yay Walmart!
1	Definitely. I hate crowds. Angry  out of control crowds. I would rather have a root canal (and I've hd one or two)
1	damn -- http://tinyurl.com/7b7nze
1	that's why I throw a hard ice grill at him...no words...get the ticket and get the fuck out cause I've never had luck
1	Fuck you Ian  I know you're using a joke book!
1	Honey  we all hate long division.  Look for things to hate that make your personal hate list special and distinctive.
1	whaaaaat! Who the fuck??
1	Not really. Atlantis was okay. Old Star Gate on now. Was about to watch Numbers. Might do Sudoku instead unless u ready u fuck :)
1	I meant ready 2 fuck:) lol Hope u have something wild and freaky in mind. I'm bored :)
1	My pussy remembers what u do! Lol :)
1	 NO NO NO NO NO I HATE YOU.
1	yep...that whole damn mixtape gets me hype lol
1	Damn Girl! Aww  that'll be cake at the rate YOU are chalking them up. Nice seasonal pic and awesome tweets btw.
1	you're assuming they can presently afford them?  leverage is a bitch.
1	please get the fuck out of my house
1	damn missing coffeeclub again. And this time really could have used a coffee ;-)
1	*looks at who is following me on twitter then remembers i dont care* OMG such a fag.
1	if i get scared ill be sure to throw u in the way so u shiver in terror and piss ur pants like u already did
1	bahahaha i love you. and ugh i wish i was on my way to va with @heyheatherr fuck the weatherr.
1	they look SO dumb. and omg i hate cassidee. ugh. just ask @applicantjan LOL ;)
1	You're a pig  you have a curly tail  for crying out loud!!! And you dare laugh at mine???
1	Welkom ! Dat Apple freak deed me besluiten je maar te volgen :)
1	too right XD Gordon Brown can officially kiss my ass! Freak!
1	:( PS3's are fantastic devices. Kicks XBOX's ass :D
1	that SUCKS.
1	holy jebus yes. that'll do just fine. fuck I love twitter. free chicken!
1	DAMN tootin'? Seriously? I've heard DARN tootin' and even DERN tootin'  but not DAMN tootin'! you kicked it up a notch.
1	that sucks;{
1	i still feel bad. I woke up at 2 am and was like fuck! Then i saw that carly called
1	makes sense and glad that it's shifting (even if geologic).  hate that kind of snobbery.
1	Charisma Carpenter is a CUNT.  I also told her.
1	Damn straight I am!  I want to be 50ft!  I also want to play Barbarella.  I'd be much better than Rose McGowan.
1	Oh no. I hate that!
1	you said "sucks" and I said why does it suck? LOL
1	I'm 1/2 with that  as a Realtor  my other 7/8ths would like 2 C stimulus 4 the housing market.  Damn'd if you do  Damn'd...
1	Time's running out for them.  The Cboys will pull it off.  Looks damn cold.
1	Pretenders come to mind! Damn.
1	I thought the same thing  he should have just hauled ass.
1	lmao  a grown ass man having brunch is even gaaaaayer!
1	I just read ass pet a cat.  Adam...that's just wrong.  :P
1	....i make an ass out of my self * sad blushy face*
1	aww that sucks man. you've learned a lesson for your kids... leave'em in the cold or spare key under the poinsetta pot
1	try fuck.
1	nigga I'm DYING over here reading this sweeney interview. "anybody that aint me is a bitch". CLASSIC
1	Well damn  that means you working wit something!  Lol..
1	LOL- I know how much u hate traffic- just know it was 10 times worse last night :)
1	fashion parade. (damn sneaky mousepad enter key thing.)
1	Damn it  how do you ALWAYS post the cool links first? :-) (Catching up on today's tweets.)
1	I HATE that. I have a rhomboid  almost triangular 'washcloth' from learning bark sedge stitch. I use it to scrub the bathroom.
1	I haven't started mine yet and don't know that it's happening. I'm a card freak  though  so probably I will send something.
1	bad mood. i think its bedtime. i hate alcohol it ruins everything. :( hey what u doin 2night? x
1	But surely  i need to improve on the digestive front. Ain't any fat panda :P
1	damn I can't believe all that happen to her hair. I always thought it was simple 2 straighten natural hair
1	ham stands 4 hot ass mess
1	yeah tneezy gonna hate it... @tneezy sorry boo u 1 day late!
1	- Do you HATE Cleo!?  Let her win for once  you're breaking my heart!  ;)
1	- More DnD podcasts!?  Fuck YEAH!
1	you dont need a big fat spirit animal to be embarassed...
1	http://twitpic.com/py9p - HER ass is on top
1	http://twitpic.com/pyb6 - is a very naughty panda  always has her ass up in the air.
1	I iz calm now - cept I can't figure out how to properly edit my wordpress templates. NERD ALERT NERD ALERT.
1	DM. damn.
1	ignorance is my guess - but this could very well turn into a nerd rant - and that would get @amberto all worked up
1	Predictability Sucks!   WHUUP! (not being predictable)  Kev
1	I HATE IT when that happens! Usually when I'm in a hurry :-/
1	Damn I also like Ferrero Rocher dark chocolate version.  They induce the zits on my chin :'(
1	Thanks! I'm not familiar w/ the "nerd heard" language. You should add #NH  so I can say #WUW #NH @craigsanaotmy!
1	btw sir you are a ASS ty nuf said
1	been here more then a hour just to get my vegas shit back damn slow service shiat
1	45 windows and only 12 open and about 30 people on break I mean I want 23 a hour to do not a damn thing
1	1) i can't stop laughing at how's the meows sound like cat o-face screams. 2) ugh  so bummed i missed out. another gay? (:
1	the boy i'm talking to is a ravens fan. every time he ends a text with "fucking bitches " i can assume that they're losing.
1	Haha no  I mean that I love the money & my coworkers  but hate how much time the jobs take up. It is fun to hate them though.
1	and i look emo too cause i'm wearing like all black and shit and my chains are hanging out XD i need guyliner
1	i had eyeliner on once but it kept smearing cause i'd fuck with it too much
1	Damn dog  didnt call them like I said to? Well I is working till around 9ish
1	How the hell do we get in these money situations? Sometimes I just feel like saying fuck it and have them come for my car.
1	Like Zebra man said in rock n roll parking lot. LIFE SUCKS SHIT!
1	Way to go loser  how does it feel to be an inanimate objects bitch? Must feel terrible to NEED something to be normal. Shame on you!
1	Maybe  I would have to stare at your face for awhile while I do it  that would be gay..and weird...and creepy...sort of
1	I want to see a picture of you right before you decided to shave your head. That would kick ass  especially if you are crying.
1	well clean the damn floor!
1	I have news 4 you this whole month is going 2 suck ass  I hope u like banquets n ramen cause thats whats on the menu this month :(
1	gahhhhhh....I hate them. HATE THEM. They come in on the pipes and through the heating vents to keep warm. BOOOOO.
1	I've never seen Wall-e. Yes  it's a hole  I know  but that doesn't mean you're not a huge nerd.
1	That sucks. But what kind of parent buys a toy because it's HOT? What about the kids' personality and taste?
1	Hey  don't hate on NC.  They got bought out by PNC and alot of people are losing their jobs.  Cleveland has a sad face...
1	http://tinyurl.com/6dunlq  hate me for it later  but it's not bad
1	HAHA  that did brighten my day considerably.  How about on the one day of Christmas my broke ass got my gf gift cert to Chili's
1	damn  I'm moving south.  Cleveland has it for 1.69/gal
1	- Damn... now  I'm bummed I missed... I'll be at the next one fo sheez...
1	 hmm didnt even know they existed...no wonder i feel like a complete retard when i cut stuff with a scissor
1	Laser treatment for pimples? Meh. Metrosexual a.k.a gay pride! Hahaha!
1	damn oh if only he could fly he could take me to his gaff(house) then
1	Wow u in love wit her? U gay 4 her?
1	no im definately a bigger nerd than you.
1	you are sucha nerd! Love it!!! V(^_^) haha
1	if I ever fall alseep with them on  I wake up with the off. Hate them.
1	? Text me bitch!!! :)
1	People are so fucking pathetic.  CHILDREN! Ughh~
1	that's ri god damn dick ulouse! Tasty though. Haha
1	that sucks :(
1	psh bitch I'm at work running 2 trains with a 70 minute wait stupid kids and dumber parents I don't wanna hear it
1	it's cos we're old now. sucks.
1	 ....you gone wind up fucking her (is that what u wanna do  shawty)
1	yeah fuck it kill um all!
1	!!!!!!!!!!! FUCK YEAH YOU DID. &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
1	you know fuck it I'm doing "Jew-Boy money"
1	you know what  fuck it I'm doing "Jew-Boy money"
1	Love You  Man  Not in Gay Way or Anything :)
1	I love you the way @MattBacak loves me  not in a gay way or anything :)
1	I'm all about peace n positivity  but sometimes you gotta give a little kid an ass whoopin' !
1	yo why u always tweetin' about boy problems ?? Fuck nikkas  get money  stay focused son!!! I know you a Hustla & Hard worker!!
1	trust me dog I dont even FOCUS on females I'm so focused I got NO time for these broads the opposite sex will fuck a persons head up
1	that's what I was JUST tellin' myself !! Hahaha I said "Fuck it Kel  just DO IT and get it DONE !!" But I complain the whole way
1	These fuckin FOOLISH ass atheletes !!! 35 mill down the drain    not to mention a great Giants season..WHY ?!?!?!?!
1	because like everything you do  its ASS Backwards !!!!
1	I have no idea why I live here. It sucks in the winter.
1	I hate you sometimes. lol
1	I don't hate you all the time. Just sometimes. Not enough to unfollow and block you. lol
1	so do I! But its the task of getting off my ass and going to get it. Gahh
1	YES!! she'll call me and be like get your ass out of bed and then she'll name a list of bs for me to do
1	 OMG that sucks! D:
1	Devil's AssMartini on Scottsdale and Gay  I mean Shea
1	i hate this this sucks butthole im so mad im pissed i told that person not to tell
1	I guess everything's alright but I hate this still.
1	yikes. That sucks. Sorry to hear that.
1	Haha  damn him indeed
1	Long enough to know you're an ass! You could see that jellyfish shit coming though..
1	I get your tweets on my phone and my ass was just vibrating like crazy lmao
1	ah sucks  maybe Redcliffe then  I guess it depends on what time I get up tomorrow haha
1	that sucks :-(
1	that really sucks :-( I could have recommended you an amazing chiropractor!
1	less drugz mo sleep bitch!
1	@Kimber_Regator You guys are in the same fucking house and using twitter to talk.
1	I fucking hate Rachel Ray.
1	I haven't been online all day  whore.  Trust me... one post from me is going to be more than you want at your house.
1	i hate hate hate being snowed in! (how's that for a sum up?)
1	damn! you packin heat!
1	thanks sugar  i get a little sensitive here and there. damn holidaze!
1	i quit heroes. nathan is a fucking douche.
1	careful  soy joy will give you bitch tits!
1	jacob sucks  i hate the werewolves  im with the vampires GRR
1	I blame Alexx for making me put 'I love to say fuck' on my ipod
1	I am slighty mad at perry.  he can lick me ass!!!! loll
1	can you help clue me in on how to connect all facebook etc? thanks for coming last nite hope you didnt hate it lol
1	That's a damn shame  because they don't do veggie burgers. :)
1	THAT WAS THE MOST  MOST BEAUTIFUL CHRISTMAS CARD I HAVE EVER RECEIVED.  I MEAN  DAMN.  80
1	omg who sent you a fuck you letter??
1	Does he have favorite characters? I'd hate to get him the guy he hates :)
1	That sucks... Can you use it on your iphone?
1	I know - I really wanted to go to the show - but I gotta be responsible. I was in class w/all the idiots. I hate them all!
1	Know how you don't smell perfume you use a lot after a while? Same phenomenon w/stink. How else can you explain pig farmers?
1	can I have some?  pizza in NC sucks :)
1	yea school sucks sometimes. thanks bro figured id mess around on here to waste some more time from studyin ha
1	Ummm...was that our little brother's ass? And you dare judge me?
1	The dam @chilis? Is this like the pig under your tree? Have you cracked open the chard already?
1	YES ROCK BAND! Only it hasn't come yet  fucking postman. Totnes was brietastic.
1	FUCK YEAH!
1	yr gay voice =]
1	Oh it's pretty much public knowledge that I hate shaving my legs. Or at least it is now.
1	Stop getting so damn skinny and maybe your pants will fit! =P
1	wow that is damn ridiculous.  I think i will be crossing off dubai for places to visit.
1	Lulz. OK. Internet Explorer sucks.
1	@bagntrash everyone kind of just disappeared after the food  I'm not leaving it there for some jelly-bean givin jack ass to take!
1	I'm just gonna start the emo kids who pretend-to-cut themselves clique. I can be found in the library playing WoW if you need me.
1	mussels? or muscles. Damn web-people.
1	BOOO!!! We missed out on date night. I hate the Tinder Box.
1	I still hate the Tinder Box... It hinders our couple social circle. Thank God the holidays are almost over.
1	Frat boys think "good game" afterward means they aren't gay. Doesn't make 'em str8!
1	~ wholeheartedly agree that NYE music entertainment sucks!
1	yo fuck that dude 4 realz!!! it was allz cuz u  me   "animal" & "marc delicious" were so stupid-ass-rodimus prime fantabibulous!
1	Marc got home ok...but said he might've fuckied his rim up. I told his ass the pierogies & sausage wwere gonna knock him out....
1	u know it was over $1200 2 get that bar replaced. George is gonna take that outta thier ass LOL
1	checked out the link. Holy ass...i think that fairy had seen that vid a million times cuz he was damn close! LOL
1	dude  that kind of sucks.
1	pimping your blog again  but damn funny.  specially including Connex
1	I can't help that you keep looking for gay midget porn on YT. The volume is too loud for you but I like blaring my Celine Deon.
1	holy shit I'm not even taking that class  and I hate it !
1	my lungs are fine  but my legs are like "bitch  your ass is heavy !! let's stop !".
1	that sucks man...
1	You are a Linux whore!
1	you must REALLY hate Christmas then!
1	I listen to a lot of really weird music  and I hate most of what's on the radio  so it's not really for me.
1	I have both now. iPhone camera sucks as well as lack of other things  but email  twitter and apps are good. Big screen is nice.
1	you can do video after jailbreak. But still it's not a patch on the n95 camera. I really hate the iPhone cam.No settings at all!
1	Watching the Biggest Loser. I'm amazed by weight gain or weight loss.These people are losing 5  10 20  30 lbs in one week.Amazing
1	I don't hate you. My last partner was 130 lbs and I got him up to 165 lbs of solid muscle. I hated him 4 looking better than me
1	I hate to keep sending this link.. but you never got back at me.... Whats good.. http://tinyurl.com/6xmnyr
1	gotta hate those fake posers
1	I hate insomnia too. NyQuil works ok. Excedrin PM probably better.
1	@maddow. where is that big gay planet? can I go there now please? someone please fucking segregate me off this rock.
1	No. Being "down" 5lbs is a bad thing when you're a scrawny nerd who's trying to bulk up. :)
1	Hahaha  Testosterone Man!!!  I met Mega Bitch Soccer Mom the other day. She took the time to stop  honk her horn  & flip me off
1	i forgot about the clothes haa. i cant wait to get my ass in2 my skinnys! :) i belive im also getting 2 pairs of pjs. scorreeee!! :L
1	it's emo because you used a razor. An explained joke isn't funny. :(
1	It sucks!!! My kitty (adopted alley cat) only knows how to potty outside  so I was freezing my arse off trying to get it in. LOL
1	WOW what a loser. I hope seth has some good male role models in his life.
1	I spent all last week with that damn song in my head. :)
1	what an ass - who the hell says things like that. I'd report the fucker
1	True! I hate people who're full of themself! That's one of the reason i love mcr  they're humble and down to earth...
1	WHATTTTT O________O omg.....nahhhh i hate roller coaster and im extremely scared by this shoot......
1	LOOK @ UR TEXTS OR I'M GONNA FREAK OUT @ U!!!
1	Funny that the guy's last name is Dick...bwaha! :-D
1	unfortunately i do =( it sucks! & i have my  2 last finals 2mrrw bc we had a snow day that other friday. i dont wanna go back!
1	i hate school =(
1	OOGA BOOGA FOOCHA FUCK YOUR WHOLE DAY!!!!!!!!
1	Oh sad faces :( I hate it when that happens! Reading in bed usually helps me...
1	that sucks!
1	& @lasandwich I hate calculus... :(
1	what a loser. :P
1	1) it depends on how u come at me. 2) if my 1st impression of you sucks I prob won't be so warm & bubbly. I'm mean though.
1	He's passed out in my bathtub. Only way I could restrain him: knocking his ass out and leaving him in the dark. :1
1	Naw. I gave him tomorrow off. Fuck  my carpet's a mess.
1	Wow  that sucks - work at home day?  @PrincessErsatz - I couldn't agree more - good day to be under the covers  relaxing.
1	That sucks..  Stuff working yet?
1	damn man kn frnd e
1	damn man kobaa e ??? :O
1	u stll up drinking bitch?
1	damn. lol. let me try something else. hot lesbian sex. nekked girl on girl. free porn.
1	haha. it just bugs me. because posers like her make it harder for people that truely are gay to be accepted
1	damn right it wi be!
1	damn that store! ~*Krystle*~
1	you order pizza that much they have you on speed dial. damn.
1	THANK YOU! It's not just me. Gay guys are hot as hell.
1	yeah  it sucks. 6 yrs down here & realizing we dont get snow. just ice. and nobody can drive in rain  let alone ice
1	then ur game sucks. no crue  not buying it.
1	or maybe go see bolt tonight? or both? don't know if you're busy for white whale stuff... but it's my bday. let's celebrate
1	sam are you showing in 'in sequence' at white whale on friday night? I wasn't sure... since you'll be out of town for the opening 
1	Sucks 4 you!!!!!! Your just not a lucky ducky are you? First your phone  now this!
1	Alan  I think you might as well give my spot away to someone else. I'm just too damn sick to sound like my charity is good. :'(
1	i literally could not breathe. that was so fucking scary.
1	Not to me :/ damn though. i hate being sick.
1	I hate my life haha
1	P33T WIFF HIS BIG GAY TEEFS!!! BRYCE FROM TRS AND HIM SHOULD HAVE BABIES AND THEY'D HAVE AMASING TEEFS
1	Yes but if your senses are dulled mebbe you no bitch so much? Or you should find a good human who's blood you wanna eat
1	ps...ur cute...ur good looking  your funny  your a dick  your an ass  your cynical. I LOVE IT!
1	damn! Ok look  make the stripper pole look like a knitting needle and impale a stripper granny on it. That's the only way.
1	no it was a direct Church of Why Don't You Bloody Well Piss Off
1	of course @bapper is cold..he eats picked radishes all winter..if he had some whale meat he'd be fine..
1	damn that caller ID
1	yes. sacto cali- driving back to palo alto later tonite. eventually i'll get off my ass n shoot.
1	oh lol gotcha... well i'm a fruit freak. i don't like melons  strawberries  the list goes on.. one day in heaven i'll like it all
1	lol no no.. we will kick the pig... (kick this thing off  do it  get r' done  etc.)
1	damn your hardcore! My legs are complaining from the simple long walk I went on yesterday. I've neglected them over the winter!
1	It is amazing! But  it kinda sucks when it makes you late for work  lol.
1	burritoville is dead? What the fuck?!
1	me too. So entertaining. Dude you watch this mvie called trailor parl of terror. Fucking brilliant.
1	aw that sucks.
1	How does he feel about marmite? Love It or Hate It?
1	ROTFLMAOOOOOOO WOW...Cumleone? Cum Alone? Oh sorry...thats funny though.
1	why does eueryone hate american eagle? wat happened?
1	 yeah it sucks i know  she was one spankin hot mofo
1	Now I have to try my best to get my ass blocked by @souplantation.
1	Wow  what a fine uke.  It's tempting  but I want my charango with 10 strings and damn near impossible to play.
1	got to love a good sunset...  I just hate this time of year leaving work and it's already dark outside :(
1	bojangles? damn you! so jealous.
1	Whatever... I just hate how the popularity of bands seems to inversely affect how much people are allowed to like them
1	Lazy ass :)
1	Ugh  the bane of my existence.  Hate them.
1	damn you for getting the comics up early again o_o it gives me nothing to do before school in the morning D:
1	wow i looked at the tinyurl of Barack Obama that you put up.... I am disgusted too  that such revolting hate is so prevalent..
1	yet fear seems like a cop out too  i eat my words...Hate is ugly
1	Connection interrupted. God damn.
1	fuck the krebs cycle.
1	like  you build a tolerance to drugs  don't you? or is this just me being dumb cause it's fucking four a.m.
1	Haha. Cool. Just sucks that we have to wait so long for season 2.
1	Damn! Sounds like heart attack inducing combo.
1	like jealous toddlers  equal change to excel When a person DOES excel  other ppl bitch&whine - bc it "makes them look bad"  The
1	damn old people now a days they are the dangerous drivers
1	work stressing over this damn AE meeting we are having @ 11am.
1	Warm Mt Dew tastes awful. :/ Try Jolt Cola instead. Or maybe even Whoop Ass. http://tinyurl.com/8woa3j
1	it means - the fat beauty and yes lost 43 kgs thru heavy dieting n working out at the gym 6 days a week - that was 3 yrs ago
1	oh damn! anyways next time...DM me ur number or soemthing
1	stop saying you hate gwen! Youposted earlier saying you love her! Ur hot then ur cold ur yes then ur nooooo
1	I'm on my way just to get gas and saw a 314. Damn it.
1	get some damn sleep! Sleepy Time tea is my savior  serious
1	I want beach now. Damn.
1	sorry  you have no cred. Two words: pig ears
1	and somehow I still wish I was there  pig parts and all. Amazing.
1	I send you a hug ma. That sucks! 08 was full of some fuck shit  I'll say that.
1	I hate you
1	- Fuck yeah!
1	LMAO! @ ur new pet...I thought u sent me a pic of a big ass butterfly...lol!
1	at least its not those nasty ass water bugs u had as roomates in Atlanta..Ew! Lol!
1	Ok..ok I c u! Take it back on they ass why don't ya.. That sounds super CUTE!
1	I hate giving little kids antibiotics...10 days 2 a day and important they get it all down...impossible!
1	some kid made copies of the questions and a teacher looked at it...fucking dumbass he/she screwed it up for all of us.
1	alright. The test is on Monday and I'm gonna be studying my ass off.
1	lmao that sucks.
1	I hate when that happens!
1	Wendy's - Oriental Chicken Salad w/ grilled chicken.  Way good.  I think it's 20 grams of fat just in the dressing  tho! Argh.
1	:-( Yucky needles. I hate those ones with a special sort of passion! *hugs* Hope it's over soon with the needles.
1	Courtesy of the Canadian kids magazine Chirp: How does a sick pig get to the hospital?
1	and holy crap  that's a long time!! D: that sucks!
1	Now I'm gonna have to go back to McLuhan & Leary to help me translate WTF you just wrote.  Damn  I hate when that happens.  Heh.
1	That's...so gay it's painful.
1	ooo tht sucks...happens to me all the time when I drink 5 hrs...
1	kim kardashian annoys me...her ass is nice  but Reggie could get it!
1	I'm up too! whoopee fuck! not hung over AT ALL!
1	so fucking angry all the time
1	It's got a core of uranium  some damn thing  I don't know. Gets up there like Sputnik.
1	That ALWAYS happens to me! Damn skype.
1	Thanks  Ulrike! :) We'll make sure to nerd it up!
1	sorry i missed you @ Cain but they weren't very nice to my gay boy - I think some1 was jealous...missu  hope to see ya soon ;)
1	fuck them!
1	damn now i want some au gratin!
1	Well  I would  but once Christmas is over  it kinda sucks the life outta the Santa hat thing...
1	I both love and hate the sticks! I'm finally going home tomorrow.
1	hahaha i don't hate german  just a couple of germans. Guten morgen!
1	I'm gay and I'm pregnant gak mungkin berhasil. This guy is persistent. Gmn ya. Can I just simply ignore his msgs??? :-D
1	NOOO EP!!!! That really sucks! You should hve jst waited in the car...lol!!! Hopefully it;s dark in there & no one looks dow ...
1	I just wanted a fucking money order and it took 40 minutes to get it. They won't even look at you if you're on your mobile phone.
1	I hate games like this. All these people shouldn't be going down.
1	lol...hell naw...its the fine ass one!
1	i call it "hey-dumb-fuck-guys-stop-trying-so-hard" advice
1	hate? i was congratulating you  your a humanitarian!
1	well clearly the shoe purchase is more impressive  because ITS A FUCKING SHOE!!!
1	fuck sleep you gotta stay up late so u can see santa!
1	that's great. def down on carbs + fat. counting cals in and out is working perfectly. the big difference is my mindset. thanks!
1	yeah my son works at Barnes N Nobles...played the mamma mia soundtrack overNover- they all hate it now but sing and dance along!
1	what the fuck do you have to apologize for??
1	fuck you op
1	@ember_myst @spellchaser Just so you know  I'm staking my claim on etherist. I am in full on crush! Sucks that he's married. :P
1	He doesn't seem clueless to me. He seems sweet and cute and witty and eloquent and charming. *swoon* Damn the luck.
1	Arrrgghhh! I hate him!
1	Do you hate the iMac because it looks edible :) or because (it must be) soooo slow?  Or not a Mac guy?
1	Oh  I would hate that too.  Three apps? That would barely get me started.
1	I don't believe in a lot of specialty kitchen gadgets  but I cling to my potato ricer and my popover pan. Carb freak? :)
1	if gov is going to make it "uncomfortable" to be fat & expect it will work  shouldn't they also make it uncomfortable to be poor? #tcot
1	oh  i hate it. self righteous people makes me want to scream.
1	I hate you so much right now. http://is.gd/ewZm
1	Aah! I actually hate you!
1	Gah fuck off  tainting my private account with new followers. xD
1	fucking buses. One drove straight past me on Friday night  and I was waving my arms like a windmill. Baaaaah!
1	good u an ur no sharin ass LOL
1	Damn fam... if I was  a hater I'd be jealous... lol
1	You blogged and ran? Jesus that's ass kicking if I ever heard it.
1	Hell yeah!!! And the best bit of movie dialogue ever..Jason says "I am NOT the gay!" ... OK Jason i belive you ;)
1	Damn near indeed! But in the end  their youthful impetuosity gave it away. It didn't feel like SL actually won it  incredibly!
1	i was able to connect to may exchange with apple mail after they enabled active sync for my iphone. i hate entourage... so much
1	Hints in icing are bad or good? Skywriting sucks unless the hint is a very short word. I'd suggest a delicious tag for nerds.
1	@DaveBenjamin I HATE THAT...
1	people hate to admit emotional decision making  though. manipulative  some think. the uphill climb of personal branding...
1	oooo thats not fun! i hate those things  the orthodontics people are mean to me!
1	weird.... Nick are you going emo??????
1	lol!!!!  I used to be the wknd assignment editor and would get mail addressed to "Weekend Ass". I didn't know how to feel.
1	I hate to harsh your buzz  but every game on the iPhone can roll the bones by shaking. Do not pass go  do not collect my $7.99
1	argh  tell me about it :x i hate procrastinating... lol.
1	coincidence my ass... LOL... But it's a good suggestion so it'll go in the hat... Singapore would be interesting. 5 more...
1	Dude  oh no U didnt! I got 4 DM's within 4 minutes of me saying "ass"... imagine what would happen if I said "fuck"... oh crap!
1	that really sucks!
1	re: why friendfeed sucks - no doubt a powerful utility but with a high learning curve and non-intuitive user experience
1	you asian!!! I hate asians!!! Bahahahahhaha!!! Jk! I am well on my way to getting fucked up!!! See you next year!!! Hahahahaha!!
1	I hate you...
1	I'm counting down the milliseconds til you OPEN THE DAMN BOX.  if I have the patience of a saint  you have the willpower of a GOD.
1	totally loved Odo. But the Ferengi make my skin crawl. out of all the species  they're the ones i hate the most. yuck!
1	ahahahaha so right. Im fucking freezing my ass off here.
1	Im so jealous. But I'll be eating that same rice pudding in 9 days. Enjoy the fuck out of your trip
1	all the emo people will explode :o
1	and biggest. That would be a bad-ass name too. At least his middle name.
1	sweet. I'm too chicken to read it cuz I hate "spoilers"';)
1	hate "can'r do" atitude. can do works almosr all the time.
1	Damn. Oh well  I can't raise my hand for every question. ;-)
1	I'm laughing at your "Don't hate me  please."  Can you imagine a man ever saying that?  Not to be gender specific  but...
1	damn I'm behind
1	because i'm a dumb ass.
1	because i'm a dumb ass.
1	lol! hey  stop being modest.  you OFTEN are a hot bitch.  :)
1	but they love me for it. none of them giggle. its a love/hate thing they got goin with me =)
1	"I hear what you sayin gurl but you mean to tell me you caint have friends??" *insert piss poor false sincerity here*
1	Haha! I'm glad someone else will admit to seeing (multiple times clearly) Gummo! I let someone borrow mine... lost. Damn.
1	damn iPhone that's SHITE. Learn English slang
1	Oh Shit!  I am a yoga loser. But not any other kind of loser.  I have already showed up once with no class  alas.
1	 yeah and I woulda gotten away with it if it wasnt for you damn kids...
1	we're talking threatening your ability to do business in a professional  not-over-the-top way. w/o being a cunt  somehow.
1	maybe you should go punch him in the dick.
1	that sucks =/ you'll get into the other ones.
1	damn clean plate and the cl;ean bones lol.
1	you got niggaitus and watch baby come in there and fuck with you.
1	i'm late but my damn pic mail ain't sending nowhere. they said i need to add the app? wtf?
1	fuck andre! it's strippers lol you coming home to him!
1	Fuck off.. I'm not ready!
1	Yeah. I know he doesn't mean to be a douche and that I'm a huge bitch for being this upset over it. But it still upsets me.
1	Damn!! I was hoping you were giving me good news otherwise!
1	try putting lemon peels around the base of the tree; supposedly cats hate citrus smell
1	I love New HAmpshire well the white Mounts.I'm from Maine and I know I hate cold also hence why I moved to Fla.
1	dont bother with low fat brownies
1	 yes.. a she-wolf in love  is it even possible? Which team do we root for now? I'm a faithless whore - struck by Amor
1	don't you hate yogurt! When you do recover from hating yogurt  go to Trader Joe's  get the Greek style kind  it's fantastic!
1	Stop it! I keep thinking you're going to say he's here! Now I'm waiting vicariously through you! Dammit! I hate waiting for babies!
1	ohhhh like that... well then shit girl  u shud be pissed. AAAND... u needa tell the BF his own blood is using his ass!
1	lol tell her to go sit her ass down somewhere lol
1	I hate when I see people doing that. I am with you on that one. Why do people think that is okay?!
1	I have no clue what I've stumbled upon  but I laughed my ass off... you might too: http://is.gd/a8cz
1	Oooh  I'm so going there this weekend!! I just hate malls at Xmas time. Bah.
1	oooh  I wish I could! but then I have to shave my widow's peak to get them to hang right. And what a bitch to grow back! LOL
1	ugh  I KNOW -- there isn't one!! And I hate when I go into a post  and click it -- it just opens the jpg! YUCK!
1	I imagine. Another thing  every time I open the Reader  my subscription folders are ALL open. I hate that too.
1	I jokingly remarked to my man that I was an "internet whore " he thought it meant that I was a porn star. LOL He doesn't get it.
1	Agreed. Fuck Twitter Grader and all it's kin.
1	The JVC (LCD) Reference Monitor I have is  in a word  awe-fucking-some. :)  It's great  accurate and as good as it gets. It's ~ $4k
1	fat ol santa may eat a cookie  but he will also touch the youngest while they sleep.
1	Ew :( That sucks! I'm sorry.
1	you said fuck everyone!
1	okay. Fuck me. Way to start the new year.
1	well if u looking for more sex  watch the fat boy freaking his pillow thats now playing. Ewwwwwww!!!!
1	some retarded oracle peoplesoft login thing keeps coming up on my enrolment cart page and i don't know what the fuck is going on!
1	ripping off Emo Phillips + ba-dum-bum jokes wouldn't get my vote even if i was the web-voter type.
1	that would be nice  too.  because i hate feeling violated every month with no payoff.
1	I do? Damn! But it's FOUR hours! After an hour + of plane ride!
1	I hate math really do!but will be happy as well when I finish university!
1	"don't hate me cuz i'm beautiful." jk. you're probably too young to have seen that commercial. HA. what's wrong  chippers??
1	 We're having a BAD ASS gathering in May  you should come. Of course  the best part is the hanging out downtown after. :)
1	kicks dons ass. *HUGS*
1	ass balls... lmfao.
1	It's not weird you hate that. Me  too but sometiimes the list gets a little unwieldy.
1	#Paypal sucks. Someone is using my identity there and they refuse to do ANYTHING about it.
1	aw man  that sucks!
1	freak passing shower. was walking by  then suddenly a few big drops came down. thought  oh shit  and ducked in just as it poured.
1	omgomgomg those shoes with the little flower holy fuck i want them
1	Ugh. Half the time people pick up "Free stuff" from Craigslist they're driving a luxury car. Heh. HATE them.
1	damn  i'm trying to watch a movie...the tweets are going off the huck. :P lol just kidding  don't get pissed alright? ?:D:D:Dlololol
1	damn you have really become an ordinary man... man that sucks ass!!! lol :P
1	how fucking sad is the OVA of Samurai X...i didn't want to watch that.. fuck i almost cried.. lol :P jk
1	I HATE rain..wud rather the snow..crazy I kno..lol
1	got it .. and I have read that! Gonna re-read tho..Im stuck and have been for a while..sucks! Thx for help--love ur stuff.
1	might install now that you've acted as my guinea pig :D
1	any workplace where that isn't safe needs to harden the fuck up :p
1	that sucks *hugs* :(
1	probably not but who the fuck knows what's going on with this show anymore.
1	k im hella boredddddddd hurry the fuck up i saw my bro playing it  game looks sick
1	omg me too! The holidays need to end now plz. Ppl are soo mean and nothing is jolly or holly! It sucks!
1	Damn that's a lot of money for tickets! I guess her little girl only turns 16 once though. :-)
1	i am going to work on a grassroots gay rights project that will involve the communities of color.
1	suntem dar ne gandem cum sa gasim o mascota care sa o putem scoate din dulap cand vrem sa acuzam pe cineva pt nenorocul nostru
1	what do you use then? cuz I hate Itunes
1	Have you heard any J-Fish songs. if you want a sneek peak I can send you a few songs =) I have all his CD's I'm a J-Fish freak lol
1	  haha  exactly!  And I love YOUR new picture! I was wondering when you were going to use this cute ass picture! I love it!
1	I like to look at it as "meeting their needs" not necessarily "kissing ass"... although if you can do both - do!
1	Damn iPhone made my Brad & Angelina pick blurry!  http://twitpic.com/rddb
1	in the lab...all damn day  i had soooo much work to do:(
1	well lady  I'm all for u comin here from frisco to hunt my ass down;)
1	fuck 'em
1	I just giggled out loud because my dyslexic ass just read "My fluffy ass was rubbing off"
1	whaha ja maar het is zon raar idee dat ze dat lezen xD en dat BOB FUCKING BRYAR iets tegen me 'gezegt' heeft xD je moet vragen o
1	weekend ofzo? 3) I still hate twitter 4) I love Gerard he's writing umbrella academy but I still haven't read it yet -shame on me
1	I bet we are freezing more than you are. The North sucks. Ugh!
1	That sucks. I was actually a guest on there! My first time on the radio.
1	That sucks. Are you alright?
1	DAMN! I'll wait a month before I send mine for a critique! LOL
1	@EightysBaby man..... fuck the lakers
1	yeah  most people just think i'm a bitch cuz i got that screwy sarcastic sense of humor that tends to tick people off? my username?
1	Dude. That "Sleeps with Angels" song can straight up have my ass bawling. I also love the song "Hey Hey  My My" and Harvest Moon
1	...i love my job and would hate to miss it...I'm depended upon and especially this week I'm needed for our toddlers parties
1	hahaha. once years ago when he was sleeping I applied some to his lips. I hate it when guys hve better lips 4 lipstick than me
1	all that I know of is the Revenge vinyl. u? and sorry for delayed answer  my internet sucks and trips out
1	The 401 always sucks between Cobourg and Kingston. I'll be doing that joyous trek on Boxing Day to visit the relatives.
1	HAPPY FUCKING BDAY YOU OLD MAN!!!!!! &lt;3333333333 CELEBRATE TONIGHT WITH A TALL COLD ONE :) wooo!
1	HAHAHHAHAAHHAHAHA LULZ   @Mod_Alex  your STILL a cunt!!!!! hahahahahahahah lulz lulz lulz lulz lulz
1	UNNNGGGG if he used that fucking word i'm never saying Epic Fail ever again..ooo i'd like to give him a sock in th..NEVERMIND!!
1	hahaha honestly i fucking CRACK up on shit like that ppl need to srsly LIGHTEN up &lt;3333 ya
1	i hope theirs LOTS of cursing in that video... oh wait we cant fucking curse ANYMORE baaaaahhhhh DAM THEM
1	FUCK YOU!!!!! I'M DIVORCING UR FUCKING ASS!!!!! HMP!!!
1	paaaaaaaarrrtttyyyy!!!!!!!! wait no... fuck it.... move over I'M MOVING IN!!!! HAHA!
1	psshhh!! your on the WRONG side of SHUT THE FUCK UP!
1	that video made me angry & want to PUNCH Shirley Phelps Roeper IN THE FUCKING FACE!!!! MAN I HOPE THEY DIE! SUCH HATE! UNG
1	did he really???!!!! OH FUCK OK I TAKE BACK ON DAN MARINO IM SORRY!!!! OK I BLAME ROMO AGAIN! AND WHITTEN! i'm through with them!
1	i SENT it!!!!!!!! u'll prob get it in like a billion years since cingular SUCKS!!!!
1	guess who made a fucking surprise in my dreams last night you butthead!!! thanks to you Martha Stewert loves my dreams! baaah
1	Coat Rack Contest in the Fab Lab. I hate winter  but this would help channel emotions into something constructive.
1	Santa Cycle Rampage Ride starts at 10:30 at the Fat Abbey Bier Cafe (Juneau and Water). Bring your best red and white costume.
1	Are you trying to say the saran wrap  bacon fat  and rubber bands I currently use don't count as REAL gloves?
1	nerd!
1	omfgshz. i hate lemonbars with a DEEP passion  too!
1	Hate to say  but John's dad was a major OB/GYN (Yeah  nightmare for me ) and he holds out that there are no flu positives:)
1	damn! Putting my chocolate cake to shame.
1	LOL! Lullabot is my employer. A group of fun  nice people kicking major Drupal ass all over the world. :-)
1	gay man
1	 let me know if you want a co-pilot tonight to keep your ass awake!
1	 Josh needs medication. Stat. Can i kick his ass for you now?
1	 lets fucking go tonight... you know you want to! Or at least hang out. I fucking hate being alone sometimes too.
1	you are welcome to spend the night any time... but next time you steal the covers  I'm gonna cunt punt you. Not really. :)
1	just to clarify-  not really to the cunt punting... but really to the you being welcome to come over anytime!
1	I will kick that pirate's ass if he got married again. Just sayin'
1	That it's that rare of a sentence is sorta depressing.  Especially in light of @mariannemancusi 's "Loser Cam" Xmas gift to me
1	i hope singing along- i'd hate to think i'm torturing poor little Pixel!
1	damn right it should be  horrible stuff YUK!
1	hate to tell you but it only gets worse  we're at 1440 in the UK and all my office wants to jump out the window!
1	so do i! especially rocket. I hate celery though
1	I saw that. what's his name! In so far as the fat bastard - what?!
1	Noooo  this is not caffeine. This is IT! Let's kick ass and then CELEBRATE! C'MON  girlie. We got it goin' ON!
1	Don't you hate that? I *always* recognize commercial voices and am all like  Gene Hackman? Lowe's? Really? OMG!
1	And by no one I assume you are including me...damn.
1	My sound is being persnickety so I can't catch up on the vlog until I reboot  which I'm too damn lazy to do now. But tomorrow...
1	I always thought of him as Hermy  the wannabe dentist.
1	Me  too. Now I'm dragging my mature ass off to BED! G'night hawt girlie! Woot!
1	fuck you  merten.
1	you should probably reattach your fucking ass for you have laughed it off.
1	That sucks - at least I have my iPod. Still  least I'm not alone! :D
1	Hot damn  champ right here! Had the old school TT shell helmet on for the whole trip. Backwards even! Huoooooooah!
1	Piss off. ;)
1	Have you seen Bitch magazine's article about twilight? about "absitence porn" http://is.gd/d2pt
1	thats what i am saying...they need to pay me.thats m*ttaf*cking free promotion. ungrateful ass people.
1	heh! ping me if you do come down to gay paris. We can interview eachother on the red carpet :)
1	I'm with you man. Here I am on Twitter at 20 to 6 in the morn  damn.
1	Oh  hey  that's good! Makes much more sense than what I had floating around in my head. :) (1001 uses for goose fat...)
1	Sony Vegas = fucking amazing! :D
1	stop stealing my schtick  whore!
1	 Depends. Will you sit there and hate yourself? ;) Would you be able to do a half day?
1	You tell them to Fuck Off. They'll listen
1	I've noticed he can't spell much beyond NOM and BARK ... sucks for him there's only one K and two Bs in Scrabble.
1	Neat. Damn PS3. Maybe I can convince mom that dad's ps2 needs an upgrade for Xmas.
1	That doesn't sound nice at all. As somebody who was made redundant with one day to trade last year with Swatch  I know it sucks!
1	I dunno  did you offer me any of that fuck-ton of beer in your fridge on Saturday? NO
1	You're quite right. I withdraw my aggressive commenting. Fuck-ton should be more widely used.
1	basically we agreed that you/http://lofistl.com are awesome/bad ass. Not gonna lie  i brought you up! ;)
1	I *thought* you'd be preparing! Best of luck - what a bad ass opportunity for you.
1	gav that just sucks! - u ok? i think the brakes would be best to stay on for now!!
1	I don't know about that... Drew's ass is pretty tiny.  :)  Knees work too... except Drew's knees don't work...
1	Uh... yeah.  Joe and I have been wondering what all the fuss was about.  Put your ass in it  make sure it's tight.. done.
1	ha ha loser :)
1	I can share my gay boyfriend. He just left. Its 1 in the morning. You totally coulda had him from 9 to 1! Ill keep first shift
1	i update from my phone a lot  you can add twitter as a contact. damn bsa is getting all high tech.
1	 & @karkar  I hate Walmart anymore. I'm gonna have to start taking my own cart with spikes and barbed wire. Maybe flamethrowers.
1	I hate being behind those slow as plows. In a storm  it's nice to be on the plowed road  but I hate going that slow. Ugh.
1	or moonlight and dryness. Damn that 5am wakeup.
1	welcome to my world: you're sick  some people think you're funny  others hate you  nobody wants to suck your cock.
1	I'm jealous - I get all emo when I lack the season of all natures  sleep. :-)
1	Considering half of my fucking company has been laid off this morning  "MY BAD DAWG" might be appropriate
1	this job would be great if it wasnt for the fucking customers
1	HOLY FUCKING SHIT!!!!!!!!!!
1	I hate having to work ALL the time :)
1	I would have laughed so damn hard.
1	Damn! I need 2 get my pole game where that chicks is....um  but 1st Ima need SOME pole game 2 start with! LMAO!
1	 i kicked ur ass on balloono A.K.A the bommer man thing i was lameguest(bunch of numbers)
1	aww damn now u know how much your Christmas present was *sobs*
1	I like some of the features it has over Twitteriffic. But it takes up way too much screen real estate. And AIR sucks.
1	fuck...  lemme know if you'd like to work at criagslist
1	and leave ur ass hardly call until they want to re up on your ass. Sometimes they dont even stay 15 min & out!
1	ditto bitch!
1	Fuck mod_Ella.....http://tinyurl.com/5hdbje
1	who are you? oh uhmmmm HAPPY BIRTHDAY YOU FRENCH WHORE! @ClarissssssA Bed time last time im telling you &lt;33333333 gots thats  ...
1	I read WP as WordPress but damn that is hilarious.
1	Ah  so it was tough to hear about over and over... That sucks man. Sure its been tough.
1	um  coz you're awesome? and on another note...yo gabba gabba is fucking disturbing
1	*giggles and cuddles* Its some kids show...that is disturbing as FUCK.
1	Isn't any way you file taxes the gay way?
1	My problem is that bankers and investors have taken risks regardless of being told how bad things could fuck up.
1	thx for the well wishes lisa! i hate taking meds  so i'm all for fast healing:)
1	and that makes you feel like "lifes a bitch"...  well in my opinion anyway :P
1	and cant expect too much he was recording til 2wks ago!! too damn shame when ppl just rush to make an album these days!
1	I'M SO SORRY IF YOU THINK MY TRACKSUIT IS GAY. VICTORY. VENGEANCE. FOR MY STONE CHAMBER AND MY SWORD. MY SWOOOOOOORD!1
1	Ugh. Probably the same brain-deficient retard who stole my name on Youtube  Gaia  and all the faggy sites. How old is she?
1	lenee  that bo*o ass incense you gave me smells like an episcopalian funeral. lol! choked out saturday night  etc.
1	Be prepared for Toro to be a comple ass...
1	Fukin sun's blinding.... Reflecting off my damn phone screen
1	jealous! I will still hug u  lick ur face off  grab ur ass  and dry hump u a little bit when I c u.  Whatever!
1	((((((((((HUGS)))))))))) I love you tons and life totally sucks right now! I'm in it with you! LOL! xoxo Karen
1	HAIR PRODUCTS? I hear Hair Products?? lol i hear your getting beat up us girls do stick together...against them bad ass boys
1	hey you know wat wud b funny? to find out who started tht lil cheap ass lie tht if u roll ur eyez they'll get stuck like tht! rndm
1	damn your Jedi mind tricks!
1	lol at zach telling us google is evil and the translator on msn is fucking prime.
1	If you guys are having the problem that pages aren't fucking loading  then I'm having the same problems too.
1	drawing a blank... damn! will have to watch it again now... oh well...
1	the only thing I hate about Nikon is the dumb Ashton Kutcher ads they run.
1	be careful! Hood pigeons don't give a FUCK and pack heat! I've been robbed by them on countless occasions!
1	you smell like the insides of a beluga whale's forehead
1	dude so weird  i feel like good will stole one of my best friends too  Damn the man
1	makes you feel cheap doesn't it.  I hate that clients use these things...
1	that sucks.  I do both at my work  which is a pain the rear-end too  because everyone thinks they're designers ;)
1	damn work fire wall. can't go to myspace. :(
1	that sucks that the internet is being twitchy. Hope it works soon. :(
1	yeah. subconscious sucks sometimes. always telling me what I'm doing is wrong. Most of the time it's not. :)
1	man  that sucks. need any more balls kicked? i'll do it!
1	ah damn man! Good Luck!! You can do eeeeit!!!
1	Yvonne that's a french ass name Yvonne.  My little cwasont .
1	I still think you should be prouder of the "Fuck fuck fuck!" but "Rock!" is pretty good. When will you be teaching her "FUCK YEAH"?
1	Damn  tough call  but I'd have to say toddlers.
1	I'm at a high school that I fucken hate. I can't stand these people  but my sister has a concert thing so I have to be here
1	oh no!! that sucks!
1	oh bugger at car screaming.. that sucks.... glad to hear the rest was all good
1	Who would be ur premiere Ultimate Dumb Ass?
1	except now they have his crazy ass son to deal with  probably.
1	oh! I saw the ex earlier. Asked if I "fancied a fuck" before he left the hospital. I politely declined.
1	we all fucking know better.
1	haha cunt.
1	I hate him.
1	damn your phone....SEVEn SEEEVEEEENNN
1	I especially hate it when they make me lift up my feet to sweep under my desk. Sigh.
1	it sounded a lot like that  actually. Fucking Hagrid.
1	you ass. Yay Walmart!
1	Definitely. I hate crowds. Angry  out of control crowds. I would rather have a root canal (and I've hd one or two)
1	damn -- http://tinyurl.com/7b7nze
1	that's why I throw a hard ice grill at him...no words...get the ticket and get the fuck out cause I've never had luck
1	Fuck you Ian  I know you're using a joke book!
1	Honey  we all hate long division.  Look for things to hate that make your personal hate list special and distinctive.
1	whaaaaat! Who the fuck??
1	Not really. Atlantis was okay. Old Star Gate on now. Was about to watch Numbers. Might do Sudoku instead unless u ready u fuck :)
1	I meant ready 2 fuck:) lol Hope u have something wild and freaky in mind. I'm bored :)
1	My pussy remembers what u do! Lol :)
1	 NO NO NO NO NO I HATE YOU.
1	yep...that whole damn mixtape gets me hype lol
1	Damn Girl! Aww  that'll be cake at the rate YOU are chalking them up. Nice seasonal pic and awesome tweets btw.
1	you're assuming they can presently afford them?  leverage is a bitch.
1	please get the fuck out of my house
1	damn missing coffeeclub again. And this time really could have used a coffee ;-)
1	*looks at who is following me on twitter then remembers i dont care* OMG such a fag.
1	if i get scared ill be sure to throw u in the way so u shiver in terror and piss ur pants like u already did
1	bahahaha i love you. and ugh i wish i was on my way to va with @heyheatherr fuck the weatherr.
1	they look SO dumb. and omg i hate cassidee. ugh. just ask @applicantjan LOL ;)
1	You're a pig  you have a curly tail  for crying out loud!!! And you dare laugh at mine???
1	Welkom ! Dat Apple freak deed me besluiten je maar te volgen :)
1	too right XD Gordon Brown can officially kiss my ass! Freak!
1	:( PS3's are fantastic devices. Kicks XBOX's ass :D
1	that SUCKS.
1	holy jebus yes. that'll do just fine. fuck I love twitter. free chicken!
1	DAMN tootin'? Seriously? I've heard DARN tootin' and even DERN tootin'  but not DAMN tootin'! you kicked it up a notch.
1	that sucks;{
1	i still feel bad. I woke up at 2 am and was like fuck! Then i saw that carly called
1	makes sense and glad that it's shifting (even if geologic).  hate that kind of snobbery.
1	Charisma Carpenter is a CUNT.  I also told her.
1	Damn straight I am!  I want to be 50ft!  I also want to play Barbarella.  I'd be much better than Rose McGowan.
1	Oh no. I hate that!
1	you said "sucks" and I said why does it suck? LOL
1	I'm 1/2 with that  as a Realtor  my other 7/8ths would like 2 C stimulus 4 the housing market.  Damn'd if you do  Damn'd...
1	Time's running out for them.  The Cboys will pull it off.  Looks damn cold.
1	Pretenders come to mind! Damn.
1	I thought the same thing  he should have just hauled ass.
1	lmao  a grown ass man having brunch is even gaaaaayer!
1	I just read ass pet a cat.  Adam...that's just wrong.  :P
1	....i make an ass out of my self * sad blushy face*
1	aww that sucks man. you've learned a lesson for your kids... leave'em in the cold or spare key under the poinsetta pot
1	try fuck.
1	nigga I'm DYING over here reading this sweeney interview. "anybody that aint me is a bitch". CLASSIC
1	Well damn  that means you working wit something!  Lol..
1	LOL- I know how much u hate traffic- just know it was 10 times worse last night :)
1	fashion parade. (damn sneaky mousepad enter key thing.)
1	Damn it  how do you ALWAYS post the cool links first? :-) (Catching up on today's tweets.)
1	I HATE that. I have a rhomboid  almost triangular 'washcloth' from learning bark sedge stitch. I use it to scrub the bathroom.
1	I haven't started mine yet and don't know that it's happening. I'm a card freak  though  so probably I will send something.
1	bad mood. i think its bedtime. i hate alcohol it ruins everything. :( hey what u doin 2night? x
1	But surely  i need to improve on the digestive front. Ain't any fat panda :P
1	damn I can't believe all that happen to her hair. I always thought it was simple 2 straighten natural hair
1	ham stands 4 hot ass mess
1	yeah tneezy gonna hate it... @tneezy sorry boo u 1 day late!
1	- Do you HATE Cleo!?  Let her win for once  you're breaking my heart!  ;)
1	- More DnD podcasts!?  Fuck YEAH!
1	you dont need a big fat spirit animal to be embarassed...
1	http://twitpic.com/py9p - HER ass is on top
1	http://twitpic.com/pyb6 - is a very naughty panda  always has her ass up in the air.
1	I iz calm now - cept I can't figure out how to properly edit my wordpress templates. NERD ALERT NERD ALERT.
1	DM. damn.
1	ignorance is my guess - but this could very well turn into a nerd rant - and that would get @amberto all worked up
1	Predictability Sucks!   WHUUP! (not being predictable)  Kev
1	I HATE IT when that happens! Usually when I'm in a hurry :-/
1	Damn I also like Ferrero Rocher dark chocolate version.  They induce the zits on my chin :'(
1	Thanks! I'm not familiar w/ the "nerd heard" language. You should add #NH  so I can say #WUW #NH @craigsanaotmy!
1	btw sir you are a ASS ty nuf said
1	been here more then a hour just to get my vegas shit back damn slow service shiat
1	45 windows and only 12 open and about 30 people on break I mean I want 23 a hour to do not a damn thing
1	1) i can't stop laughing at how's the meows sound like cat o-face screams. 2) ugh  so bummed i missed out. another gay? (:
1	the boy i'm talking to is a ravens fan. every time he ends a text with "fucking bitches " i can assume that they're losing.
1	Haha no  I mean that I love the money & my coworkers  but hate how much time the jobs take up. It is fun to hate them though.
1	and i look emo too cause i'm wearing like all black and shit and my chains are hanging out XD i need guyliner
1	i had eyeliner on once but it kept smearing cause i'd fuck with it too much
1	Damn dog  didnt call them like I said to? Well I is working till around 9ish
1	How the hell do we get in these money situations? Sometimes I just feel like saying fuck it and have them come for my car.
1	Like Zebra man said in rock n roll parking lot. LIFE SUCKS SHIT!
1	Way to go loser  how does it feel to be an inanimate objects bitch? Must feel terrible to NEED something to be normal. Shame on you!
1	Maybe  I would have to stare at your face for awhile while I do it  that would be gay..and weird...and creepy...sort of
1	I want to see a picture of you right before you decided to shave your head. That would kick ass  especially if you are crying.
1	well clean the damn floor!
1	I have news 4 you this whole month is going 2 suck ass  I hope u like banquets n ramen cause thats whats on the menu this month :(
1	gahhhhhh....I hate them. HATE THEM. They come in on the pipes and through the heating vents to keep warm. BOOOOO.
1	I've never seen Wall-e. Yes  it's a hole  I know  but that doesn't mean you're not a huge nerd.
1	That sucks. But what kind of parent buys a toy because it's HOT? What about the kids' personality and taste?
1	Hey  don't hate on NC.  They got bought out by PNC and alot of people are losing their jobs.  Cleveland has a sad face...
1	http://tinyurl.com/6dunlq  hate me for it later  but it's not bad
1	HAHA  that did brighten my day considerably.  How about on the one day of Christmas my broke ass got my gf gift cert to Chili's
1	damn  I'm moving south.  Cleveland has it for 1.69/gal
1	- Damn... now  I'm bummed I missed... I'll be at the next one fo sheez...
1	 hmm didnt even know they existed...no wonder i feel like a complete retard when i cut stuff with a scissor
1	Laser treatment for pimples? Meh. Metrosexual a.k.a gay pride! Hahaha!
1	damn oh if only he could fly he could take me to his gaff(house) then
1	Wow u in love wit her? U gay 4 her?
1	no im definately a bigger nerd than you.
1	you are sucha nerd! Love it!!! V(^_^) haha
1	if I ever fall alseep with them on  I wake up with the off. Hate them.
1	? Text me bitch!!! :)
1	People are so fucking pathetic.  CHILDREN! Ughh~
1	that's ri god damn dick ulouse! Tasty though. Haha
1	that sucks :(
1	psh bitch I'm at work running 2 trains with a 70 minute wait stupid kids and dumber parents I don't wanna hear it
1	it's cos we're old now. sucks.
1	 ....you gone wind up fucking her (is that what u wanna do  shawty)
1	yeah fuck it kill um all!
1	!!!!!!!!!!! FUCK YEAH YOU DID. &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
1	you know fuck it I'm doing "Jew-Boy money"
1	you know what  fuck it I'm doing "Jew-Boy money"
1	Love You  Man  Not in Gay Way or Anything :)
1	I love you the way @MattBacak loves me  not in a gay way or anything :)
1	I'm all about peace n positivity  but sometimes you gotta give a little kid an ass whoopin' !
1	yo why u always tweetin' about boy problems ?? Fuck nikkas  get money  stay focused son!!! I know you a Hustla & Hard worker!!
1	trust me dog I dont even FOCUS on females I'm so focused I got NO time for these broads the opposite sex will fuck a persons head up
1	that's what I was JUST tellin' myself !! Hahaha I said "Fuck it Kel  just DO IT and get it DONE !!" But I complain the whole way
1	These fuckin FOOLISH ass atheletes !!! 35 mill down the drain    not to mention a great Giants season..WHY ?!?!?!?!
1	because like everything you do  its ASS Backwards !!!!
1	I have no idea why I live here. It sucks in the winter.
1	I hate you sometimes. lol
1	I don't hate you all the time. Just sometimes. Not enough to unfollow and block you. lol
1	so do I! But its the task of getting off my ass and going to get it. Gahh
1	YES!! she'll call me and be like get your ass out of bed and then she'll name a list of bs for me to do
1	 OMG that sucks! D:
1	Devil's AssMartini on Scottsdale and Gay  I mean Shea
1	i hate this this sucks butthole im so mad im pissed i told that person not to tell
1	I guess everything's alright but I hate this still.
1	yikes. That sucks. Sorry to hear that.
1	Haha  damn him indeed
1	Long enough to know you're an ass! You could see that jellyfish shit coming though..
1	I get your tweets on my phone and my ass was just vibrating like crazy lmao
1	ah sucks  maybe Redcliffe then  I guess it depends on what time I get up tomorrow haha
1	that sucks :-(
1	that really sucks :-( I could have recommended you an amazing chiropractor!
1	less drugz mo sleep bitch!
1	@Kimber_Regator You guys are in the same fucking house and using twitter to talk.
1	I fucking hate Rachel Ray.
1	I haven't been online all day  whore.  Trust me... one post from me is going to be more than you want at your house.
1	i hate hate hate being snowed in! (how's that for a sum up?)
1	damn! you packin heat!
1	thanks sugar  i get a little sensitive here and there. damn holidaze!
1	i quit heroes. nathan is a fucking douche.
1	careful  soy joy will give you bitch tits!
1	jacob sucks  i hate the werewolves  im with the vampires GRR
1	I blame Alexx for making me put 'I love to say fuck' on my ipod
1	I am slighty mad at perry.  he can lick me ass!!!! loll
1	can you help clue me in on how to connect all facebook etc? thanks for coming last nite hope you didnt hate it lol
1	That's a damn shame  because they don't do veggie burgers. :)
1	THAT WAS THE MOST  MOST BEAUTIFUL CHRISTMAS CARD I HAVE EVER RECEIVED.  I MEAN  DAMN.  80
1	omg who sent you a fuck you letter??
1	Does he have favorite characters? I'd hate to get him the guy he hates :)
1	That sucks... Can you use it on your iphone?
1	I know - I really wanted to go to the show - but I gotta be responsible. I was in class w/all the idiots. I hate them all!
1	Know how you don't smell perfume you use a lot after a while? Same phenomenon w/stink. How else can you explain pig farmers?
1	can I have some?  pizza in NC sucks :)
1	yea school sucks sometimes. thanks bro figured id mess around on here to waste some more time from studyin ha
1	Ummm...was that our little brother's ass? And you dare judge me?
1	The dam @chilis? Is this like the pig under your tree? Have you cracked open the chard already?
1	YES ROCK BAND! Only it hasn't come yet  fucking postman. Totnes was brietastic.
1	FUCK YEAH!
1	yr gay voice =]
1	Oh it's pretty much public knowledge that I hate shaving my legs. Or at least it is now.
1	Stop getting so damn skinny and maybe your pants will fit! =P
1	wow that is damn ridiculous.  I think i will be crossing off dubai for places to visit.
1	Lulz. OK. Internet Explorer sucks.
1	@bagntrash everyone kind of just disappeared after the food  I'm not leaving it there for some jelly-bean givin jack ass to take!
1	I'm just gonna start the emo kids who pretend-to-cut themselves clique. I can be found in the library playing WoW if you need me.
1	mussels? or muscles. Damn web-people.
1	BOOO!!! We missed out on date night. I hate the Tinder Box.
1	I still hate the Tinder Box... It hinders our couple social circle. Thank God the holidays are almost over.
1	Frat boys think "good game" afterward means they aren't gay. Doesn't make 'em str8!
1	~ wholeheartedly agree that NYE music entertainment sucks!
1	yo fuck that dude 4 realz!!! it was allz cuz u  me   "animal" & "marc delicious" were so stupid-ass-rodimus prime fantabibulous!
1	Marc got home ok...but said he might've fuckied his rim up. I told his ass the pierogies & sausage wwere gonna knock him out....
1	u know it was over $1200 2 get that bar replaced. George is gonna take that outta thier ass LOL
1	checked out the link. Holy ass...i think that fairy had seen that vid a million times cuz he was damn close! LOL
1	dude  that kind of sucks.
1	pimping your blog again  but damn funny.  specially including Connex
1	I can't help that you keep looking for gay midget porn on YT. The volume is too loud for you but I like blaring my Celine Deon.
1	holy shit I'm not even taking that class  and I hate it !
1	my lungs are fine  but my legs are like "bitch  your ass is heavy !! let's stop !".
1	that sucks man...
1	You are a Linux whore!
1	you must REALLY hate Christmas then!
1	I listen to a lot of really weird music  and I hate most of what's on the radio  so it's not really for me.
1	I have both now. iPhone camera sucks as well as lack of other things  but email  twitter and apps are good. Big screen is nice.
1	you can do video after jailbreak. But still it's not a patch on the n95 camera. I really hate the iPhone cam.No settings at all!
1	Watching the Biggest Loser. I'm amazed by weight gain or weight loss.These people are losing 5  10 20  30 lbs in one week.Amazing
1	I don't hate you. My last partner was 130 lbs and I got him up to 165 lbs of solid muscle. I hated him 4 looking better than me
1	I hate to keep sending this link.. but you never got back at me.... Whats good.. http://tinyurl.com/6xmnyr
1	gotta hate those fake posers
1	I hate insomnia too. NyQuil works ok. Excedrin PM probably better.
1	@maddow. where is that big gay planet? can I go there now please? someone please fucking segregate me off this rock.
1	No. Being "down" 5lbs is a bad thing when you're a scrawny nerd who's trying to bulk up. :)
1	Hahaha  Testosterone Man!!!  I met Mega Bitch Soccer Mom the other day. She took the time to stop  honk her horn  & flip me off
1	i forgot about the clothes haa. i cant wait to get my ass in2 my skinnys! :) i belive im also getting 2 pairs of pjs. scorreeee!! :L
1	it's emo because you used a razor. An explained joke isn't funny. :(
1	It sucks!!! My kitty (adopted alley cat) only knows how to potty outside  so I was freezing my arse off trying to get it in. LOL
1	WOW what a loser. I hope seth has some good male role models in his life.
1	I spent all last week with that damn song in my head. :)
1	what an ass - who the hell says things like that. I'd report the fucker
1	True! I hate people who're full of themself! That's one of the reason i love mcr  they're humble and down to earth...
1	WHATTTTT O________O omg.....nahhhh i hate roller coaster and im extremely scared by this shoot......
1	LOOK @ UR TEXTS OR I'M GONNA FREAK OUT @ U!!!
1	Funny that the guy's last name is Dick...bwaha! :-D
1	unfortunately i do =( it sucks! & i have my  2 last finals 2mrrw bc we had a snow day that other friday. i dont wanna go back!
1	i hate school =(
1	OOGA BOOGA FOOCHA FUCK YOUR WHOLE DAY!!!!!!!!
1	Oh sad faces :( I hate it when that happens! Reading in bed usually helps me...
1	that sucks!
1	& @lasandwich I hate calculus... :(
1	what a loser. :P
1	1) it depends on how u come at me. 2) if my 1st impression of you sucks I prob won't be so warm & bubbly. I'm mean though.
1	He's passed out in my bathtub. Only way I could restrain him: knocking his ass out and leaving him in the dark. :1
1	Naw. I gave him tomorrow off. Fuck  my carpet's a mess.
1	Wow  that sucks - work at home day?  @PrincessErsatz - I couldn't agree more - good day to be under the covers  relaxing.
1	That sucks..  Stuff working yet?
1	damn man kn frnd e
1	damn man kobaa e ??? :O
1	u stll up drinking bitch?
1	damn. lol. let me try something else. hot lesbian sex. nekked girl on girl. free porn.
1	haha. it just bugs me. because posers like her make it harder for people that truely are gay to be accepted
1	damn right it wi be!
1	damn that store! ~*Krystle*~
1	you order pizza that much they have you on speed dial. damn.
1	THANK YOU! It's not just me. Gay guys are hot as hell.
1	yeah  it sucks. 6 yrs down here & realizing we dont get snow. just ice. and nobody can drive in rain  let alone ice
1	then ur game sucks. no crue  not buying it.
1	or maybe go see bolt tonight? or both? don't know if you're busy for white whale stuff... but it's my bday. let's celebrate
1	sam are you showing in 'in sequence' at white whale on friday night? I wasn't sure... since you'll be out of town for the opening 
1	Sucks 4 you!!!!!! Your just not a lucky ducky are you? First your phone  now this!
1	Alan  I think you might as well give my spot away to someone else. I'm just too damn sick to sound like my charity is good. :'(
1	i literally could not breathe. that was so fucking scary.
1	Not to me :/ damn though. i hate being sick.
1	I hate my life haha
1	P33T WIFF HIS BIG GAY TEEFS!!! BRYCE FROM TRS AND HIM SHOULD HAVE BABIES AND THEY'D HAVE AMASING TEEFS
1	Yes but if your senses are dulled mebbe you no bitch so much? Or you should find a good human who's blood you wanna eat
1	ps...ur cute...ur good looking  your funny  your a dick  your an ass  your cynical. I LOVE IT!
1	damn! Ok look  make the stripper pole look like a knitting needle and impale a stripper granny on it. That's the only way.
1	no it was a direct Church of Why Don't You Bloody Well Piss Off
1	of course @bapper is cold..he eats picked radishes all winter..if he had some whale meat he'd be fine..
1	damn that caller ID
1	yes. sacto cali- driving back to palo alto later tonite. eventually i'll get off my ass n shoot.
1	oh lol gotcha... well i'm a fruit freak. i don't like melons  strawberries  the list goes on.. one day in heaven i'll like it all
1	lol no no.. we will kick the pig... (kick this thing off  do it  get r' done  etc.)
1	damn your hardcore! My legs are complaining from the simple long walk I went on yesterday. I've neglected them over the winter!
1	It is amazing! But  it kinda sucks when it makes you late for work  lol.
1	burritoville is dead? What the fuck?!
1	me too. So entertaining. Dude you watch this mvie called trailor parl of terror. Fucking brilliant.
1	aw that sucks.
1	How does he feel about marmite? Love It or Hate It?
1	ROTFLMAOOOOOOO WOW...Cumleone? Cum Alone? Oh sorry...thats funny though.
1	why does eueryone hate american eagle? wat happened?
1	 yeah it sucks i know  she was one spankin hot mofo
1	Now I have to try my best to get my ass blocked by @souplantation.
1	Wow  what a fine uke.  It's tempting  but I want my charango with 10 strings and damn near impossible to play.
1	got to love a good sunset...  I just hate this time of year leaving work and it's already dark outside :(
1	bojangles? damn you! so jealous.
1	Whatever... I just hate how the popularity of bands seems to inversely affect how much people are allowed to like them
1	Lazy ass :)
1	Ugh  the bane of my existence.  Hate them.
1	damn you for getting the comics up early again o_o it gives me nothing to do before school in the morning D:
1	wow i looked at the tinyurl of Barack Obama that you put up.... I am disgusted too  that such revolting hate is so prevalent..
1	yet fear seems like a cop out too  i eat my words...Hate is ugly
1	Connection interrupted. God damn.
1	fuck the krebs cycle.
1	like  you build a tolerance to drugs  don't you? or is this just me being dumb cause it's fucking four a.m.
1	Haha. Cool. Just sucks that we have to wait so long for season 2.
1	Damn! Sounds like heart attack inducing combo.
1	like jealous toddlers  equal change to excel When a person DOES excel  other ppl bitch&whine - bc it "makes them look bad"  The
1	damn old people now a days they are the dangerous drivers
1	work stressing over this damn AE meeting we are having @ 11am.
1	Warm Mt Dew tastes awful. :/ Try Jolt Cola instead. Or maybe even Whoop Ass. http://tinyurl.com/8woa3j
1	it means - the fat beauty and yes lost 43 kgs thru heavy dieting n working out at the gym 6 days a week - that was 3 yrs ago
1	oh damn! anyways next time...DM me ur number or soemthing
1	stop saying you hate gwen! Youposted earlier saying you love her! Ur hot then ur cold ur yes then ur nooooo
1	I'm on my way just to get gas and saw a 314. Damn it.
1	get some damn sleep! Sleepy Time tea is my savior  serious
1	I want beach now. Damn.
1	sorry  you have no cred. Two words: pig ears
1	and somehow I still wish I was there  pig parts and all. Amazing.
1	I send you a hug ma. That sucks! 08 was full of some fuck shit  I'll say that.
1	I hate you
1	- Fuck yeah!
1	LMAO! @ ur new pet...I thought u sent me a pic of a big ass butterfly...lol!
1	at least its not those nasty ass water bugs u had as roomates in Atlanta..Ew! Lol!
1	Ok..ok I c u! Take it back on they ass why don't ya.. That sounds super CUTE!
1	I hate giving little kids antibiotics...10 days 2 a day and important they get it all down...impossible!
1	some kid made copies of the questions and a teacher looked at it...fucking dumbass he/she screwed it up for all of us.
1	alright. The test is on Monday and I'm gonna be studying my ass off.
1	lmao that sucks.
1	I hate when that happens!
1	Wendy's - Oriental Chicken Salad w/ grilled chicken.  Way good.  I think it's 20 grams of fat just in the dressing  tho! Argh.
1	:-( Yucky needles. I hate those ones with a special sort of passion! *hugs* Hope it's over soon with the needles.
1	Courtesy of the Canadian kids magazine Chirp: How does a sick pig get to the hospital?
1	and holy crap  that's a long time!! D: that sucks!
1	Now I'm gonna have to go back to McLuhan & Leary to help me translate WTF you just wrote.  Damn  I hate when that happens.  Heh.
1	That's...so gay it's painful.
1	ooo tht sucks...happens to me all the time when I drink 5 hrs...
1	kim kardashian annoys me...her ass is nice  but Reggie could get it!
1	I'm up too! whoopee fuck! not hung over AT ALL!
1	so fucking angry all the time
1	It's got a core of uranium  some damn thing  I don't know. Gets up there like Sputnik.
1	That ALWAYS happens to me! Damn skype.
1	Thanks  Ulrike! :) We'll make sure to nerd it up!
1	sorry i missed you @ Cain but they weren't very nice to my gay boy - I think some1 was jealous...missu  hope to see ya soon ;)
1	fuck them!
1	damn now i want some au gratin!
1	Well  I would  but once Christmas is over  it kinda sucks the life outta the Santa hat thing...
1	I both love and hate the sticks! I'm finally going home tomorrow.
1	hahaha i don't hate german  just a couple of germans. Guten morgen!
1	I'm gay and I'm pregnant gak mungkin berhasil. This guy is persistent. Gmn ya. Can I just simply ignore his msgs??? :-D
1	NOOO EP!!!! That really sucks! You should hve jst waited in the car...lol!!! Hopefully it;s dark in there & no one looks dow ...
1	I just wanted a fucking money order and it took 40 minutes to get it. They won't even look at you if you're on your mobile phone.
1	I hate games like this. All these people shouldn't be going down.
1	lol...hell naw...its the fine ass one!
1	i call it "hey-dumb-fuck-guys-stop-trying-so-hard" advice
1	hate? i was congratulating you  your a humanitarian!
1	well clearly the shoe purchase is more impressive  because ITS A FUCKING SHOE!!!
1	fuck sleep you gotta stay up late so u can see santa!
1	that's great. def down on carbs + fat. counting cals in and out is working perfectly. the big difference is my mindset. thanks!
1	yeah my son works at Barnes N Nobles...played the mamma mia soundtrack overNover- they all hate it now but sing and dance along!
1	what the fuck do you have to apologize for??
1	fuck you op
1	@ember_myst @spellchaser Just so you know  I'm staking my claim on etherist. I am in full on crush! Sucks that he's married. :P
1	He doesn't seem clueless to me. He seems sweet and cute and witty and eloquent and charming. *swoon* Damn the luck.
1	Arrrgghhh! I hate him!
1	Do you hate the iMac because it looks edible :) or because (it must be) soooo slow?  Or not a Mac guy?
1	Oh  I would hate that too.  Three apps? That would barely get me started.
1	I don't believe in a lot of specialty kitchen gadgets  but I cling to my potato ricer and my popover pan. Carb freak? :)
1	if gov is going to make it "uncomfortable" to be fat & expect it will work  shouldn't they also make it uncomfortable to be poor? #tcot
1	oh  i hate it. self righteous people makes me want to scream.
1	I hate you so much right now. http://is.gd/ewZm
1	Aah! I actually hate you!
1	Gah fuck off  tainting my private account with new followers. xD
1	fucking buses. One drove straight past me on Friday night  and I was waving my arms like a windmill. Baaaaah!
1	good u an ur no sharin ass LOL
1	Damn fam... if I was  a hater I'd be jealous... lol
1	You blogged and ran? Jesus that's ass kicking if I ever heard it.
1	Hell yeah!!! And the best bit of movie dialogue ever..Jason says "I am NOT the gay!" ... OK Jason i belive you ;)
1	Damn near indeed! But in the end  their youthful impetuosity gave it away. It didn't feel like SL actually won it  incredibly!
1	i was able to connect to may exchange with apple mail after they enabled active sync for my iphone. i hate entourage... so much
1	Hints in icing are bad or good? Skywriting sucks unless the hint is a very short word. I'd suggest a delicious tag for nerds.
1	@DaveBenjamin I HATE THAT...
1	people hate to admit emotional decision making  though. manipulative  some think. the uphill climb of personal branding...
1	oooo thats not fun! i hate those things  the orthodontics people are mean to me!
1	weird.... Nick are you going emo??????
1	lol!!!!  I used to be the wknd assignment editor and would get mail addressed to "Weekend Ass". I didn't know how to feel.
1	I hate to harsh your buzz  but every game on the iPhone can roll the bones by shaking. Do not pass go  do not collect my $7.99
1	argh  tell me about it :x i hate procrastinating... lol.
1	coincidence my ass... LOL... But it's a good suggestion so it'll go in the hat... Singapore would be interesting. 5 more...
1	Dude  oh no U didnt! I got 4 DM's within 4 minutes of me saying "ass"... imagine what would happen if I said "fuck"... oh crap!
1	that really sucks!
1	re: why friendfeed sucks - no doubt a powerful utility but with a high learning curve and non-intuitive user experience
1	you asian!!! I hate asians!!! Bahahahahhaha!!! Jk! I am well on my way to getting fucked up!!! See you next year!!! Hahahahaha!!
1	I hate you...
1	I'm counting down the milliseconds til you OPEN THE DAMN BOX.  if I have the patience of a saint  you have the willpower of a GOD.
1	totally loved Odo. But the Ferengi make my skin crawl. out of all the species  they're the ones i hate the most. yuck!
1	ahahahaha so right. Im fucking freezing my ass off here.
1	Im so jealous. But I'll be eating that same rice pudding in 9 days. Enjoy the fuck out of your trip
1	all the emo people will explode :o
1	and biggest. That would be a bad-ass name too. At least his middle name.
1	sweet. I'm too chicken to read it cuz I hate "spoilers"';)
1	hate "can'r do" atitude. can do works almosr all the time.
1	Damn. Oh well  I can't raise my hand for every question. ;-)
1	I'm laughing at your "Don't hate me  please."  Can you imagine a man ever saying that?  Not to be gender specific  but...
1	damn I'm behind
1	because i'm a dumb ass.
1	because i'm a dumb ass.
1	lol! hey  stop being modest.  you OFTEN are a hot bitch.  :)
1	but they love me for it. none of them giggle. its a love/hate thing they got goin with me =)
1	"I hear what you sayin gurl but you mean to tell me you caint have friends??" *insert piss poor false sincerity here*
1	Haha! I'm glad someone else will admit to seeing (multiple times clearly) Gummo! I let someone borrow mine... lost. Damn.
1	damn iPhone that's SHITE. Learn English slang
1	Oh Shit!  I am a yoga loser. But not any other kind of loser.  I have already showed up once with no class  alas.
1	 yeah and I woulda gotten away with it if it wasnt for you damn kids...
1	we're talking threatening your ability to do business in a professional  not-over-the-top way. w/o being a cunt  somehow.
1	maybe you should go punch him in the dick.
1	that sucks =/ you'll get into the other ones.
1	damn clean plate and the cl;ean bones lol.
1	you got niggaitus and watch baby come in there and fuck with you.
1	i'm late but my damn pic mail ain't sending nowhere. they said i need to add the app? wtf?
1	fuck andre! it's strippers lol you coming home to him!
1	Fuck off.. I'm not ready!
1	Yeah. I know he doesn't mean to be a douche and that I'm a huge bitch for being this upset over it. But it still upsets me.
1	Damn!! I was hoping you were giving me good news otherwise!
1	try putting lemon peels around the base of the tree; supposedly cats hate citrus smell
1	I love New HAmpshire well the white Mounts.I'm from Maine and I know I hate cold also hence why I moved to Fla.
1	dont bother with low fat brownies
1	 yes.. a she-wolf in love  is it even possible? Which team do we root for now? I'm a faithless whore - struck by Amor
1	don't you hate yogurt! When you do recover from hating yogurt  go to Trader Joe's  get the Greek style kind  it's fantastic!
1	Stop it! I keep thinking you're going to say he's here! Now I'm waiting vicariously through you! Dammit! I hate waiting for babies!
1	ohhhh like that... well then shit girl  u shud be pissed. AAAND... u needa tell the BF his own blood is using his ass!
1	lol tell her to go sit her ass down somewhere lol
1	I hate when I see people doing that. I am with you on that one. Why do people think that is okay?!
1	I have no clue what I've stumbled upon  but I laughed my ass off... you might too: http://is.gd/a8cz
1	Oooh  I'm so going there this weekend!! I just hate malls at Xmas time. Bah.
1	oooh  I wish I could! but then I have to shave my widow's peak to get them to hang right. And what a bitch to grow back! LOL
1	ugh  I KNOW -- there isn't one!! And I hate when I go into a post  and click it -- it just opens the jpg! YUCK!
1	I imagine. Another thing  every time I open the Reader  my subscription folders are ALL open. I hate that too.
1	I jokingly remarked to my man that I was an "internet whore " he thought it meant that I was a porn star. LOL He doesn't get it.
1	Agreed. Fuck Twitter Grader and all it's kin.
1	The JVC (LCD) Reference Monitor I have is  in a word  awe-fucking-some. :)  It's great  accurate and as good as it gets. It's ~ $4k
1	fat ol santa may eat a cookie  but he will also touch the youngest while they sleep.
1	Ew :( That sucks! I'm sorry.
1	you said fuck everyone!
1	okay. Fuck me. Way to start the new year.
1	well if u looking for more sex  watch the fat boy freaking his pillow thats now playing. Ewwwwwww!!!!
1	some retarded oracle peoplesoft login thing keeps coming up on my enrolment cart page and i don't know what the fuck is going on!
1	ripping off Emo Phillips + ba-dum-bum jokes wouldn't get my vote even if i was the web-voter type.
1	that would be nice  too.  because i hate feeling violated every month with no payoff.
1	I do? Damn! But it's FOUR hours! After an hour + of plane ride!
1	I hate math really do!but will be happy as well when I finish university!
1	"don't hate me cuz i'm beautiful." jk. you're probably too young to have seen that commercial. HA. what's wrong  chippers??
1	 We're having a BAD ASS gathering in May  you should come. Of course  the best part is the hanging out downtown after. :)
1	kicks dons ass. *HUGS*
1	ass balls... lmfao.
1	It's not weird you hate that. Me  too but sometiimes the list gets a little unwieldy.
1	#Paypal sucks. Someone is using my identity there and they refuse to do ANYTHING about it.
1	aw man  that sucks!
1	freak passing shower. was walking by  then suddenly a few big drops came down. thought  oh shit  and ducked in just as it poured.
1	omgomgomg those shoes with the little flower holy fuck i want them
1	Ugh. Half the time people pick up "Free stuff" from Craigslist they're driving a luxury car. Heh. HATE them.
1	damn  i'm trying to watch a movie...the tweets are going off the huck. :P lol just kidding  don't get pissed alright? ?:D:D:Dlololol
1	damn you have really become an ordinary man... man that sucks ass!!! lol :P
1	how fucking sad is the OVA of Samurai X...i didn't want to watch that.. fuck i almost cried.. lol :P jk
1	I HATE rain..wud rather the snow..crazy I kno..lol
1	got it .. and I have read that! Gonna re-read tho..Im stuck and have been for a while..sucks! Thx for help--love ur stuff.
1	might install now that you've acted as my guinea pig :D
1	any workplace where that isn't safe needs to harden the fuck up :p
1	that sucks *hugs* :(
1	probably not but who the fuck knows what's going on with this show anymore.
1	k im hella boredddddddd hurry the fuck up i saw my bro playing it  game looks sick
1	omg me too! The holidays need to end now plz. Ppl are soo mean and nothing is jolly or holly! It sucks!
1	Damn that's a lot of money for tickets! I guess her little girl only turns 16 once though. :-)
1	i am going to work on a grassroots gay rights project that will involve the communities of color.
1	suntem dar ne gandem cum sa gasim o mascota care sa o putem scoate din dulap cand vrem sa acuzam pe cineva pt nenorocul nostru
1	what do you use then? cuz I hate Itunes
1	Have you heard any J-Fish songs. if you want a sneek peak I can send you a few songs =) I have all his CD's I'm a J-Fish freak lol
1	  haha  exactly!  And I love YOUR new picture! I was wondering when you were going to use this cute ass picture! I love it!
1	I like to look at it as "meeting their needs" not necessarily "kissing ass"... although if you can do both - do!
1	Damn iPhone made my Brad & Angelina pick blurry!  http://twitpic.com/rddb
1	in the lab...all damn day  i had soooo much work to do:(
1	well lady  I'm all for u comin here from frisco to hunt my ass down;)
1	fuck 'em
1	I just giggled out loud because my dyslexic ass just read "My fluffy ass was rubbing off"
1	whaha ja maar het is zon raar idee dat ze dat lezen xD en dat BOB FUCKING BRYAR iets tegen me 'gezegt' heeft xD je moet vragen o
1	weekend ofzo? 3) I still hate twitter 4) I love Gerard he's writing umbrella academy but I still haven't read it yet -shame on me
1	I bet we are freezing more than you are. The North sucks. Ugh!
1	That sucks. I was actually a guest on there! My first time on the radio.
1	That sucks. Are you alright?
1	DAMN! I'll wait a month before I send mine for a critique! LOL
1	@EightysBaby man..... fuck the lakers
1	yeah  most people just think i'm a bitch cuz i got that screwy sarcastic sense of humor that tends to tick people off? my username?
1	Dude. That "Sleeps with Angels" song can straight up have my ass bawling. I also love the song "Hey Hey  My My" and Harvest Moon
1	...i love my job and would hate to miss it...I'm depended upon and especially this week I'm needed for our toddlers parties
1	hahaha. once years ago when he was sleeping I applied some to his lips. I hate it when guys hve better lips 4 lipstick than me
1	all that I know of is the Revenge vinyl. u? and sorry for delayed answer  my internet sucks and trips out
1	The 401 always sucks between Cobourg and Kingston. I'll be doing that joyous trek on Boxing Day to visit the relatives.
1	HAPPY FUCKING BDAY YOU OLD MAN!!!!!! &lt;3333333333 CELEBRATE TONIGHT WITH A TALL COLD ONE :) wooo!
1	HAHAHHAHAAHHAHAHA LULZ   @Mod_Alex  your STILL a cunt!!!!! hahahahahahahah lulz lulz lulz lulz lulz
1	UNNNGGGG if he used that fucking word i'm never saying Epic Fail ever again..ooo i'd like to give him a sock in th..NEVERMIND!!
1	hahaha honestly i fucking CRACK up on shit like that ppl need to srsly LIGHTEN up &lt;3333 ya
1	i hope theirs LOTS of cursing in that video... oh wait we cant fucking curse ANYMORE baaaaahhhhh DAM THEM
1	FUCK YOU!!!!! I'M DIVORCING UR FUCKING ASS!!!!! HMP!!!
1	paaaaaaaarrrtttyyyy!!!!!!!! wait no... fuck it.... move over I'M MOVING IN!!!! HAHA!
1	psshhh!! your on the WRONG side of SHUT THE FUCK UP!
1	that video made me angry & want to PUNCH Shirley Phelps Roeper IN THE FUCKING FACE!!!! MAN I HOPE THEY DIE! SUCH HATE! UNG
1	did he really???!!!! OH FUCK OK I TAKE BACK ON DAN MARINO IM SORRY!!!! OK I BLAME ROMO AGAIN! AND WHITTEN! i'm through with them!
1	i SENT it!!!!!!!! u'll prob get it in like a billion years since cingular SUCKS!!!!
1	guess who made a fucking surprise in my dreams last night you butthead!!! thanks to you Martha Stewert loves my dreams! baaah
1	Coat Rack Contest in the Fab Lab. I hate winter  but this would help channel emotions into something constructive.
1	Santa Cycle Rampage Ride starts at 10:30 at the Fat Abbey Bier Cafe (Juneau and Water). Bring your best red and white costume.
1	Are you trying to say the saran wrap  bacon fat  and rubber bands I currently use don't count as REAL gloves?
1	nerd!
1	omfgshz. i hate lemonbars with a DEEP passion  too!
1	Hate to say  but John's dad was a major OB/GYN (Yeah  nightmare for me ) and he holds out that there are no flu positives:)
1	damn! Putting my chocolate cake to shame.
1	LOL! Lullabot is my employer. A group of fun  nice people kicking major Drupal ass all over the world. :-)
1	gay man
1	 let me know if you want a co-pilot tonight to keep your ass awake!
1	 Josh needs medication. Stat. Can i kick his ass for you now?
1	 lets fucking go tonight... you know you want to! Or at least hang out. I fucking hate being alone sometimes too.
1	you are welcome to spend the night any time... but next time you steal the covers  I'm gonna cunt punt you. Not really. :)
1	just to clarify-  not really to the cunt punting... but really to the you being welcome to come over anytime!
1	I will kick that pirate's ass if he got married again. Just sayin'
1	That it's that rare of a sentence is sorta depressing.  Especially in light of @mariannemancusi 's "Loser Cam" Xmas gift to me
1	i hope singing along- i'd hate to think i'm torturing poor little Pixel!
1	damn right it should be  horrible stuff YUK!
1	hate to tell you but it only gets worse  we're at 1440 in the UK and all my office wants to jump out the window!
1	so do i! especially rocket. I hate celery though
1	I saw that. what's his name! In so far as the fat bastard - what?!
1	Noooo  this is not caffeine. This is IT! Let's kick ass and then CELEBRATE! C'MON  girlie. We got it goin' ON!
1	Don't you hate that? I *always* recognize commercial voices and am all like  Gene Hackman? Lowe's? Really? OMG!
1	And by no one I assume you are including me...damn.
1	My sound is being persnickety so I can't catch up on the vlog until I reboot  which I'm too damn lazy to do now. But tomorrow...
1	I always thought of him as Hermy  the wannabe dentist.
1	Me  too. Now I'm dragging my mature ass off to BED! G'night hawt girlie! Woot!
1	fuck you  merten.
1	you should probably reattach your fucking ass for you have laughed it off.
1	That sucks - at least I have my iPod. Still  least I'm not alone! :D
1	Hot damn  champ right here! Had the old school TT shell helmet on for the whole trip. Backwards even! Huoooooooah!
1	Piss off. ;)
1	Have you seen Bitch magazine's article about twilight? about "absitence porn" http://is.gd/d2pt
1	thats what i am saying...they need to pay me.thats m*ttaf*cking free promotion. ungrateful ass people.
1	heh! ping me if you do come down to gay paris. We can interview eachother on the red carpet :)
1	I'm with you man. Here I am on Twitter at 20 to 6 in the morn  damn.
1	Oh  hey  that's good! Makes much more sense than what I had floating around in my head. :) (1001 uses for goose fat...)
1	Sony Vegas = fucking amazing! :D
1	stop stealing my schtick  whore!
1	 Depends. Will you sit there and hate yourself? ;) Would you be able to do a half day?
1	You tell them to Fuck Off. They'll listen
1	I've noticed he can't spell much beyond NOM and BARK ... sucks for him there's only one K and two Bs in Scrabble.
1	Neat. Damn PS3. Maybe I can convince mom that dad's ps2 needs an upgrade for Xmas.
1	That doesn't sound nice at all. As somebody who was made redundant with one day to trade last year with Swatch  I know it sucks!
1	I dunno  did you offer me any of that fuck-ton of beer in your fridge on Saturday? NO
1	You're quite right. I withdraw my aggressive commenting. Fuck-ton should be more widely used.
1	basically we agreed that you/http://lofistl.com are awesome/bad ass. Not gonna lie  i brought you up! ;)
1	I *thought* you'd be preparing! Best of luck - what a bad ass opportunity for you.
1	gav that just sucks! - u ok? i think the brakes would be best to stay on for now!!
1	I don't know about that... Drew's ass is pretty tiny.  :)  Knees work too... except Drew's knees don't work...
1	Uh... yeah.  Joe and I have been wondering what all the fuss was about.  Put your ass in it  make sure it's tight.. done.
1	ha ha loser :)
1	I can share my gay boyfriend. He just left. Its 1 in the morning. You totally coulda had him from 9 to 1! Ill keep first shift
1	i update from my phone a lot  you can add twitter as a contact. damn bsa is getting all high tech.
1	 & @karkar  I hate Walmart anymore. I'm gonna have to start taking my own cart with spikes and barbed wire. Maybe flamethrowers.
1	I hate being behind those slow as plows. In a storm  it's nice to be on the plowed road  but I hate going that slow. Ugh.
1	or moonlight and dryness. Damn that 5am wakeup.
1	welcome to my world: you're sick  some people think you're funny  others hate you  nobody wants to suck your cock.
1	I'm jealous - I get all emo when I lack the season of all natures  sleep. :-)
